We’re reading Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows as part of the Wizarding World Book Club, and this week's theme is Love - something that has kept Harry safe from the very moment of his mother's sacrifice.
Love, Dumbledore says repeatedly, is the single most important thing Harry has in his armoury, because it is the only tool he possesses which Voldemort does not.
Conceived through enchantment, abandoned by his father and given up by a mother too heartbroken to live, Voldemort has never experienced love. He cares only about how other humans can serve him, so he will never comprehend the selfless nature of an act like Harry's mother's, or that love for a person can overcome obstacles as Snape's does for Lily, or the benefits of a deep friendship like Harry has with Ron and Hermione.
And he is missing something valuable. Not just because it's a great shame to live a life without love, but because love is a deeply powerful magic.
That love is studied by learned witches and wizards shows it is more than sentiment that brings Dumbledore back to the subject. In the wizarding world, love has literal magical properties, and these keep Harry safe - time and time again.
When Harry faces Voldemort-as-Quirrell, Quirrell is unable to touch him because of the enchantment that lives in Harry's blood. His mother died to save him, and it has left its mark.
Voldemort doesn't take this protection seriously, and there's something else he fails to recognise as significant: the fact that Harry is able to stop Quirrell claiming the Philosopher's Stone. Dumbledore says later: ‘Have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror?' That Harry, at 11, was thinking not of himself but of preventing harm, should have made his character clear to Voldemort. But he cannot comprehend Harry's actions, and so he doesn't understand their importance.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Harry's love and loyalty to Dumbledore allows him to defeat Tom Riddle, the teenage apparition of Voldemort preserved in diary form. It's also love that sends him into the Chamber in the first place, in the form of friendship. Ron is worried about his sister and both he and Harry are concerned about Hermione, so when Ron says he is going to tell Lockhart about the Basilisk, Harry joins him without hesitation.
In the Chamber, when Harry is once more faced with Voldemort, he announces his loyalty to Dumbledore wildly and without much hope. Yet he is rewarded by the appearance of Fawkes - who distracts the Basilisk and heals Harry's wounds - and the Sorting Hat, which presents him with the sword of Gryffindor.
In Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry's love for his lost parents turns a little twisted when he half-wants to be near the Dementors just so he can hear his parents' dying voices. His connection with his parents is also revealed by the fact that his Patronus is the same as his father's. Without family, Harry creates relationships that mean just as much to him, from Ron and Hermione to Hagrid and Dumbledore. His readiness to add Lupin and Sirius to this list shows his desire to connect with people.
This ability to love is what will protect Harry, as it gives him the strength to endure what follows. Much later, when he stands in the Forbidden Forest preparing to face Voldemort, he uses the Resurrection Stone to summon Lily, James, Sirius and Lupin, and their presence is his courage.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Having realised the benefits of the protection in Harry's blood, Voldemort uses Harry to help him return to human form. He intends to take in some of that loving sacrifice, but this is a big mistake. In using Harry's blood, Voldemort ties the two of them closer together, tethering Harry to life while he, Voldemort, survives. So even as Voldemort thinks he has understood the ancient magic that protects Harry, it thwarts him again.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Voldemort uses Harry's ability to love against him by luring Harry to the Department of Mysteries in pursuit of Sirius. It works, because Harry is unable to risk not helping a person in need, especially his godfather.
Yet love saves Harry, again, when Voldemort attempts to possess him. Harry is so consumed with grief for Sirius that Voldemort cannot remain inside his head; it causes him agonising pain. Harry experiences the same thing when Dobby dies, and realises that Dumbledore is right - grief is an expression of love, and love keeps Voldemort out.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
As Dumbledore and Harry explore Voldemort's life, his disdain for love remains clear. ‘Nothing I have seen in the world has supported your famous pronouncements that love is more powerful than my kind of magic, Dumbledore,' Voldemort says in one recollection.
It is this arrogant assumption that led Voldemort to unwittingly provide Harry with tools to defeat him - the opportunity to read his mind, the ability to talk to snakes, the lingering protection of his mother's sacrifice; these all result from Voldemort's first attempt to kill Harry.
And so we come to the close. As the spirits of his parents, Sirius and Lupin accompany him into the Forbidden Forest, Harry prepares to make the same sacrifice his mother made for him. His love for his friends, for the memory of his family, for the greater good, is such that he is prepared to die. That, in the end, is what destroys Voldemort.
So why is love such a powerful form of magic? Because, both at the same time, it is a valuable weapon - and a reason for fighting.
Do we even want to know the contents of Men Who Love Dragons Too Much?
From bizarre comics to the deepest, darkest selection from Dumbledore's banned books, the wizarding world has so much more to offer than just Gilderoy Lockhart's questionable bibliography. Check out the most intriguing repertoire of books that we'd love to peruse…
The Invisible Book of Invisibility
Ah. The Emperor's New Clothes of books. Did the poor guy in Flourish and Blotts ever find this order? And what, exactly, was the purpose of buying yourself an invisible book? Was it simply a novelty present for the wizard equivalent of a Christmas stocking gift? If you ask us, this one sounds an awful lot like one of Mundungus Fletcher's more ingenious cons.
Why was Martin Miggs mad? Indeed, why he was so mad that he got the attention young witches and wizards everywhere, despite being a Muggle? All we know about Mr Miggs, aside from his lack of magic, is that Ron had a huge pile of comics about his adventures. We need to know more!
The book Hermione used to solve the mysteries of the Basilisk
The book (called Most Macabre Monstrosities in the Harry Potter films) used by Hermione to discover that a Basilisk was attacking students gives the impression of being an older, more terrifying version of the old, reliable Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. The very old library book - that certainly was no longer on the Care for Magical Creatures syllabus - helped the gang save the day when they were only 12. We wouldn't mind reading about the more macabre selection of monsters that the wizarding world has to offer…
Do we even want to know about the sort of people who checked this one out of the library? Even Hagrid stuck with a simple textbook when it came to hatching young Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback, and we thought his adoration of the ‘misunderstood creatures' was borderline worrying! That being said, this text is guaranteed to be full of brilliant anecdotes. For instance, we'd love to know more about men determined to domesticate the Hungarian Horntail. Good luck to them (and, possibly, their remaining limbs).
Blood Brothers: My Life Amongst the Vampires
Vampires are only very briefly touched upon in the Harry Potter series, and only appeared when Harry met the author of the vampire study, Eldred Worple, at Slughorn's Christmas party. He also met the mysterious Sanguini, who went after a group of girls with a ‘hungry look' in his eyes, before Eldred quickly distracted him with a pasty. We feel like this book would certainly help us fill in some of the blanks from this interaction. For example, what would have happened should Sanguini have managed to slip away without Eldred noticing? And are vampires in the wizarding world particularly prone to a pasty?
Hairy Snout, Human Heart
A book, not to be confused with The Hairy Heart: A Guide to Wizards Who Won't Commit, all about how werewolves shouldn't be treated any differently just because they transform once a month. Not only would this be a fascinating read that Snape definitely should have checked out before exposing Lupin, it also comes highly recommended by Albus Dumbledore in The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Death Omens: What to Do When You Know the Worst is Coming
Ah, the ever-so-charming book that will convince you that you are going to die in days. What we'd do to get our hands on this one (or not). The text, which we're convinced that Sybill Trelawney repeatedly bookmarked, even had Harry Potter questioning himself after spotting a large black dog on the cover which he had seen a week earlier.
Magick Moste Evile
A book that wails when it is slammed shut is most certainly worth a discussion. What horror did this text contain that its pages would literally scream when closed? The darkest book in Hogwarts' library might have only briefly mentioned Horcruxes, but we're sure there are plenty of other terrifying titbits in there about the Dark Arts that any Death Eater would love to get their hands on…
Things you may not have noticed about Lord Voldemort
Not only was he the Dark Lord, he was also a bit of a dark horse. OK, sorry.
You-Know-Who wasn't going to feature on any magazine covers or sign any glamorous product endorsements - this side of hell freezing over, anyway. But nonetheless it's fair to admit - however begrudgingly - that the Dark Lord was kind of a celebrity. He was, and is, stupendously famous. Okay, if you prefer: infamous.
But despite Lord Voldemort's high profile, and the grim shadow he cast over the affairs of Hogwarts and its inhabitants for decades, there's still plenty of trivia and offbeat analysis that many people, even Harry Potter fans, might be unaware of.
Here's a look at the stranger aspects of an already pretty odd character…
His name alone is a whole can of worms
We're all too familiar with the taboo around saying ‘Voldemort' aloud, hence his bountiful selection of nicknames. Remember when Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge refused to say He Who Must Not Be Named's… er, name… in the office of the Muggle Prime Minister, instead cravenly scrawling it on parchment and sliding it across the desk?
Even Lord Voldemort introducing himself wasn't quite so simple. It's hardly a massive spoiler to point out that, in the books, ‘I am Lord Voldemort' is a nifty anagram of the Dark Lord's prior name, Tom Marvolo Riddle. But have you ever wondered how that works out for fans reading in other languages? ‘I am', for instance, translates in French to ‘je suis'.
He was driven, intelligent… but also sloppy
Young Voldemort's bitterness at being refused his favoured career choice as Defence Against the Dark Arts master at Hogwarts not once but twice (by Armando Dippet and later Albus Dumbledore) made him furious, and it was strongly suspected that he jinxed the position in revenge. The upshot of the alleged jinx was that Defence Against the Dark Arts teachers only lasted a maximum of one year in the post.
A generous - to him, anyway - interpretation of this move was that Voldemort was cannily working to undermine the standard of teaching, so that in due course Defence Against the Dark Arts talent would be so lacklustre among the next generation of wizards that the Dark Lord could overcome resistance almost at his leisure. If there was a plan at all, that is.
Or, another often-overlooked angle - several teachers who occupied the post were, to various extents, his ‘plants'. You could argue that point for Snape and to a lesser extent Quirrell all succumbed after a year, when they could have arguably served him better by more actively undermining standards in the classroom, or spying on the more gifted students.
Think he spotted that one?
His arrogance, too, made the Dark Lord sloppy. Voldemort considered house-elves as socially inferior and so he gave them little consideration. But think about it - on two separate occasions their lowly kind got the better of him: when Kreacher deprived him of Salazar Slytherin's locket, and when Dobby managed to escape imprisonment at Malfoy Manor, enabling his friends to mount what turned into a pretty effective resistance.
For somebody without a nose, he was kind of vain
Ever noticed how he referred to himself in third person (to, at different points, Frank Bryce, Peter Pettigrew and Walden Macnair)? What's with that?
It was a way of reinforcing his power. As we've seen, many others were too terrified to say his name. By uttering it firmly himself he confirmed his dominion over them, and lent credence to his own self-appointed mastery. Didn't work out so well in the end for him though, did it?
The Dark Lord's ultimate undoing could be attributed to his vanity, and the oversights that followed from it. Voldemort's mortal destiny was tied in to the Horcruxes - his only meaningful vulnerability. However, a wizard with sufficient talent could supposedly make a Horcrux out of anything. You-Know-Who deliberately selected objects of personal significance - Rowena Ravenclaw's diadem, Helga Hufflepuff's cup, Marvolo Gaunt's ring - to prop up his own myth-making. Had he not been so vain, and instead chosen, say, a humble pebble on an obscure beach, perhaps he would have prevailed.
For all Voldemort's undoubted talent, power and courage (remember, even mortal nemesis Harry Potter briefly felt ‘resentful admiration' for his foe when watching Riddle as a fearless young man in Dumbledore's Pensieve), it was these obscure, oft-ignored details that ultimately sealed his fate.
We wish it was all peace and harmony in the wizarding world, but of course, there have been some bitter conflicts throughout its history. Here's a look back at some of the most memorable.
The friendship between these former childhood friends with so many plans for the future were shattered when Albus Dumbledore realised Gellert Grindelwald's intentions for the wizarding world were far more sinister than he imagined. After becoming close at Godric's Hollow, where Dumbledore lived and Grindelwald came to stay, the duo became inseparable, with Grindelwald laying out his plans for ‘the greater good' and Dumbledore thinking he'd met his intellectual match. Alas, Grindelwald's attitudes towards the Muggle world meant their bond quickly collapsed, leaving Dumbledore with years of regret.
This rivalry was more complex than some of the other conflicts in our list - as the pair started off on the same page - only to turn into sworn enemies in their adult years, culminating in a famous wizarding duel in 1945, where Dumbledore defeated Grindelwald.
In Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, we started learning more about Dumbledore and Grindelwald's chequered history - and are intrigued to see the years leading up to Grindelwald's downfall.
Thanks to Sybill Trelawney's prophecy, a one-year old Harry Potter found himself marked by one of the Darkest wizards of all time and his family murdered, with Lord Voldemort convinced that Harry would grow up to defeat him. This led to Harry's Hogwarts years being punctuated by the ever-looming shadow of Lord Voldemort, who found his way back to life in order to target Harry, leading to an unwanted enemy on Harry's part. We all know how things ended up, with Harry consequently fulfilling the prophecy Trelawney had told, successfully conquering him at the Battle of Hogwarts. Much like a Greek tragedy, the prophecy being fulfilled was all Voldemort's doing in the first place.
Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter
Ah, a nice normal rivalry for Harry now - that Lord Voldemort one was pretty heavy going, after all. From their first tepid conversation at Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, Harry and Draco Malfoy never saw eye to eye - with a young Harry immediately sensing Draco's privilege and negative attitudes were huge red flags. But imagine if Harry had gone along with Malfoy... asked the Sorting Hat to put him in Slytherin to be with his friend... Oh how different things could have been.
Thankfully, this didn't happen - and we instead saw two opposing sides, with Harry, Ron and Hermione constantly up against their Slytherin counterparts Draco, Crabbe and Goyle at Hogwarts. Oh, and also all of Malfoy's family despised Harry too, of course. While the grievances between Draco and Harry were mostly petty on both sides, there were moments the pair came to blows in more serious ways - such as Draco sparking a chain of events that nearly got Hagrid's beloved Hippogriff Buckbeak executed, and Harry almost magically maiming Draco when he ‘tried out' Sectumsempra on him. When Draco got initiated into the world of Voldemort and Death-Eaters, times got darker, and those first-year squabbles put a lot into perspective.
However, there was a strange moment in Deathly Hallows, we saw Draco hesitate when it came to identifying a captured Harry (who had had his face magically disfigured by Hermione) at Malfoy Manor. This rare moment of consideration paved the path for the pair to curtly nod at each other 19 years later at platform nine and three-quarters, but they were never going to be bosom buddies, were they?
After years of Snape hating Harry, due to the striking resemblance Harry had with his late father, James Potter, Harry spent many a Potions class having to deal with Snape's barbed remarks to him, without properly understanding the context. When he accidentally found himself wading through Snape's memories during a botched Occlumency lesson, Harry soon realised that James had given as well as he got - tormenting Snape along with his fellow Marauder friends, not to mention eventually getting together with Lily, the love of Snape's life. While Snape didn't need to take out his unpleasant Hogwarts memories on James's son, Harry finally understood a fragment of his Potions professor's unprofessional behaviour.
Despite being a Squib, Filch still had the ‘pleasure' of being able to see Peeves the poltergeist, but had no magic to combat against him, which seemed unfair. Yes, the constantly disgruntled Hogwarts caretaker was often terrorised by Peeves, with the unruly spirit often causing chaos across the school while Filch cleared up after him. Peeves became something of a side-project for Filch, who was obsessed with catching him in precarious situations in an attempt to get him turfed out of Hogwarts forever. However, as Filch would come to learn, poltergeists don't exactly slip out the front door and graciously thank their hosts...
Sure, you get a wand, but would you miss your mobile phone? Here's a few things about the wizarding world that may make us pause for thought if we finally did get our Hogwarts letters...
Bumping into Hogwarts' more dangerous inhabitants
Like everyone else still waiting for that letter, going to Hogwarts has always been the ultimate dream. But at least Muggle schools don't have magical creatures prowling the corridors ready to eat you, just because you got lost on the way to Transfiguration.
Fair enough, Fluffy was only there for the one school year, but there was also a Basilisk having a fifty-year-long nap under the school, Dementors on the train, Umbridge, a lake full of Grindylows and a forest full of Acromantula.
Don't even get us started on the Triwizard Tournament - P.E. was hard enough without dragons.
Money trouble
You'd have to have an Outstanding in Arithmancy just to deal with wizarding money. With twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, and seventeen Sickles to a Galleon, quick maths is essential to your Diagon Alley shopping spree.
Bank notes and credit cards also don't exist in the wizarding world, so a lot of forward planning is required - and spontaneous online-shopping for racing broom purchases are off the table. You'll still have to trek all the way down to Gringotts and visit your vault.
Every seventeen-year-old in the UK gets ready for that first taste of freedom, as they can start driving lessons and take their test for a license. In the wizarding world, Apparating is of course all the rage. British witches and wizards also learn to Apparate at seventeen, take lessons and try to pass their test. Major pro of the wizarding way: instant and traffic-free. The con? One word: Splinching.
Driving tests may be scary, but at least there is zero risk of trying to get to a hula hoop and leaving your leg behind.
Spattergroit. Enough said, really. The list of magical maladies goes on; dragon pox makes the chicken pox sound like a walk in the park. The entire second floor of St. Mungo's is dedicated to these “magical bugs” (we don't even want to know what “scrofungulus” is), while the other floor names remind us just how badly magic can go wrong. When you're not worrying about “creature-induced injuries” you have to watch out for poisoning from potions and plants, which could result in anything from a rash to uncontrollable giggling.
With the average Hogwarts student spending a large portion of their time in the hospital wing instead of lessons, with leeks sprouting from their ears or no arm bones, we'll think twice before moaning about a cold again.
Imagine having to carry around bottles of ink and quills at school in the 90s. It must have made subtly passing notes to your friends at the back of History of Magic difficult when you have to scratch away at parchment. Not to mention having to lug them around, up and down a hundred and forty-two staircases, from the dungeons if you're a Slytherin, up a ladder in the North Tower if you have Divination, with a book that tries to eat everything else in your bag if you have Care of Magical Creatures that afternoon. Our backs hurt thinking about it.
There are some wizarding workarounds to an ink bottle in the form of self-inking pens, but the Muggle magic of a ballpoint pen is also pretty great, to be honest.
Ink and parchment
And if you think ink and a quill is a bit old school, let us paint a really scary picture for you - no internet. Easily the biggest downside of being a wizard at Hogwarts is living a life offline. Not that Hogwarts is short of things to do - sign us straight up for Quidditch, a bit of Wizard chess and Gobstones Club while we're at it. And it'd probably be good to have a social media cleanse, anyway.
But what about the convenience of the internet? It would have been so much easier to learn about Nicolas Flamel by popping his name into a search engine, rather than trawling through the Hogwarts library (including the Restricted Section).
All in all, being a wizard definitely has its downsides, and a Hogwarts letter should probably come with a warning letter.
Usually, Ron displayed his feelings for Hermione via never-ending arguments, catty comments and jealous jibes. This particularly came to the forefront when Hermione went to the Yule Ball with Viktor Krum, of course. But there were moments where we realised Ron liked Hermione in a far more subtle way, such as this moment of consternation when Hermione kissed him on the cheek before his big Quidditch game.
His reaction may have been mingled with pre-match nerves, but for many readers, this was the clearest indication yet that Ron had feelings for Hermione far beyond being best friends.
What could be more romantic than mumbling the name of the person you like after you've just nearly choked on some poisoned mead? After accidentally eating some Chocolate Cauldrons spiked with love potion? On your birthday? Exactly.
This is the situation Ron found himself in during an eventful time in Half-Blood Prince, which notably upset Hermione. During her first visit, along with Harry and the Weasleys, he unconsciously mumbled the syllables of her name to the awkward surprise of the visiting party.
To complicate matters, this was during the time where Ron was supposedly still dating Lavender Brown, who wasn't even told that Ron was in the hospital wing until some time later. In true Ron form, he spent most of his bedbound time pretending to be asleep when Lavender visited, and casually asking if Hermione was coming to visit him. This near-death experience certainly revealed who Ron really cared about, although the way he treated Lavender was simply not on.
Hermione. Breaking. The. Rules. It's always a rather exciting moment when Hermione brings out her rebellious side - and especially satisfying when she takes it out on the insufferably arrogant Cormac McLaggen.
During Half-Blood Prince, Hermione gave Ron a little bit of help during the Gryffindor Quidditch Keeper try-outs, by Confounding Ron's rival, Cormac McLaggen. Doing something so distinctly un-Hermione-like to help Ron was an unconventionally tender moment, although of course Hermione used the excuse that she simply did it because Cormac had been insulting to both Ron and Ginny's Quidditch skills.
Finally. After six books, we saw the moment where Hermione and Ron had the potential to go on a date! And it couldn't have been in a more romantic setting, during Herbology class, juicing Snargaluff pods! Okay, not exactly a candlelit dinner, but it'll do.
After being invited to the Slug Club Christmas party along with Harry (Ron had been unceremoniously not-invited, much to his chagrin) Hermione lightly raised the question of inviting Ron as her date. Hurray! Of course, before this moment, Ron had immediately used his jealous self-defence mechanisms to ask Hermione if she'd be ‘getting off with Cormac' at the event (who had shown an interest in her) - with led to the awkward moment of Hermione asking Ron...
It was the first proper moment where Harry realised there was something going on between them, and it could've been quite sweet, had Ron not ruined things by getting jealous after finding out Hermione had kissed Krum (but two years ago, can we add) then deciding to start snogging Lavender Brown not long after, leading to Hermione actually taking Cormac to the Slug Club Christmas party to make Ron jealous. Yes, we were exhausted too. But they'll always have that special moment with the Snargaluff Pods.
The day of Dumbledore's funeral was a crushing day for many, including Harry and his friends. But during times of darkness come times of harmony, and seeing Ron comforting Hermione definitely tugged on our heartstrings quite rigorously.
Trust the classically insecure Ron to acquire a book called Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches, testing out some ‘moves' on Hermione during Bill and Fleur's wedding. After years of insulting Hermione, mocking her cleverness and generally spouting jealous jibes, this sudden influx of compliments was hilariously bizarre. As if it took a book to teach Ron the ways of wooing witches. Still, at least he was trying...
When the Death Eater's attacked Bill and Fleur's wedding, Harry, Ron and Hermione retreated to Grimmauld Place after a horrendous night escaping Voldemort's followers. In the morning that followed, the next chapter opened with this melancholic moment suggesting Hermione and Ron had fallen asleep holding hands in the aftermath of a terrible evening. In equal parts lovely as it was sad for Harry, who was still pining for Ginny after breaking up at the end of Half-Blood Prince, we couldn't help but notice its poignancy.
Hurray! No need to analyse this one. And we will always love that it took Ron saying a kind thing about house-elves to finally ignite their first kiss. Harry sums it up perfectly: ‘is this the moment'?
Well, these two were hardly ever traditional.
Before he knew he was a wizard, Harry met a ‘tiny man in a violet top hat' who bowed to him at the shops. Dedalus was delighted that Harry remembered, but there was always more to this chirpy fellow than met the eye.
We next saw him in Order of the Phoenix, which wasn't his first rodeo. After all, he'd been an original member of the Order along with Harry's mum and dad. Dedalus continued to help Harry's family as part of the escort mission when the Dursleys left Privet Drive. You've got to admire Dedalus's dedication.
Admittedly most of us glossed over the man who lent Hagrid the flying motorbike, but how could we possibly have known how important that name was to the Potters? Sirius had been James's schoolfriend and best man at his wedding, and was named as Harry's godfather. But life can change in an instant.
Shortly after meeting Hagrid, Sirius was framed for murder and arrested - the next time we heard of him, he was book three's eponymous ‘Prisoner of Azkaban'. And we thought he was just a friendly bloke who loaned out a cool bike.
Old Mrs Figg from down the road seemed like your average cat lady, but all that changed after the Dementor incident from Order of the Phoenix. Revealed to be a Squib with connections to Dumbledore, Arabella Doreen Figg knew all along about Harry and kept a watchful eye on him over the years.
‘Hate' might actually be an understatement. When Marge came to visit in Prisoner of Azkaban, we saw her treat Harry with the usual Dursley venom, which got worse in line with the volume of brandy she'd been guzzling.
After one particularly disgusting comment, using a female dog in an analogy of Harry's mother, things blew up to a whole new level. Well, Marge did anyway and frankly, we're not sorry.
We heard more about these Order members from Alastor Moody in Order of the Phoenix. Marlene McKinnon and Edgar Bones were killed along with their families on Voldemort's orders and the brothers Gideon and Fabian Prewett ‘died like heroes' after being taken down by no less than five Death Eaters.
Though these characters were dead long before the events of Philosopher's Stone, we did get to meet some of their relatives in this book. Susan Bones joined Hufflepuff during Harry's Sorting (her aunt Amelia would appear in Order of the Phoenix) and we saw one of the Prewetts showing her children on to platform nine and three-quarters. Most of us didn't realise this, because Molly's married name was ‘Weasley'.
The esteemed author of A History of Magic appeared on the Hogwarts first-year reading list - it was even thanks to her book that Harry found and picked the name ‘Hedwig' for his owl. As a magical historian, Bathilda clearly knew her stuff… and it turned out she knew far more than she wrote in her book.
After all, she was a long-standing resident of Godric's Hollow and had been a neighbour of the Dumbledores and the Potters in her time. Bathilda was interviewed for The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore but, as this was a Rita Skeeter publication, we couldn't vouch for its accuracy. Bathilda eventually made an appearance (of sorts) to Harry and Hermione in Deathly Hallows, but not one that we like to think about in a hurry.
Need we say more? Newt Scamander was another name that appeared on Harry's reading list, having penned the definitive volume on magical creatures. His book, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (complete with handwritten annotations from Harry and friends), was also published in the Muggle world and raised quite a bit for Comic Relief. Of course, that wouldn't be the last we'd hear of Newt's adventures.
On Harry's first visit to Gringotts, Griphook was the one who escorted him through the vaults. Who would have thought that years later, the same goblin would be helping Harry to stage a daring break-in? Griphook was one of the captives at Malfoy Manor who'd been kidnapped along with a group of fugitives.
His assistance was pivotal in retrieving one of Voldemort's Horcruxes, Hufflepuff's cup, though admittedly Griphook's intentions might have fallen short of honourable.
Ron's ‘stupid, fat rat' was with him on the Hogwarts Express, briefly taking time out from his busy napping schedule to bite Goyle's finger.
It's bizarre re-reading these segments knowing that he was a wizard the entire time. ‘Scabbers' was exposed as the Animagus Peter Pettigrew - and the person who framed Sirius - towards the end of Prisoner of Azkaban. From there on, he assisted Voldemort in his second rise to power. We preferred him as a rat.
That's right - the darkest wizard of his time, Gellert Grindelwald, got his first mention on a Chocolate Frog card. In fact, we heard precious little else about him until when we learned of his connection to Dumbledore and the Deathly Hallows.
After Grindelwald was revealed as the antagonist in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016), and with four more films to come, it looks like we'll be learning much more.
Those cats of hers weren't all they seemed either, essentially acting as kitty spies. We always suspected Mr Tibbles knew too much!
Although no magic can truly bring back the dead, the wizarding world is haunted by ghosts who choose to stay behind. Ghostly existence is nothing like mortal life; no physical pleasure can be experienced, knowledge cannot be expanded, and worst of all, ghosts can't fully taste Hogwarts food, unless it's exceptionally mouldy. Why would anyone would choose such a fate?
But in full awareness of these facts, many witches and wizards do still stay behind after they've died, whether through guilt, regrets or simply unfinished business. In the case of Moaning Myrtle, she was able to help Harry solve the mysteries of her own death.
Throwing pots, disturbing lessons, scaring the living daylights out of unsuspecting students - Peeves is one troublesome poltergeist. Most of us wouldn't dream of following Peeves' actions due to fear of the consequences that may arise, but as ‘an invisible entity that moves objects, slams doors and creates other audible, kinetic disturbances', what's the worst that can happen? Even if someone tried an unforgivable curse, it's not going to do much as, well, you're already dead. Causing mayhem sounds like a fun way to pass the days - but then again, you've got to stick around forever so probably best not to get on the wrong side of anyone…
Flying is an experience that most of us only get to experience on occasion - and even then, being on a plane is never quite the fun we anticipate it to be. Hogwarts ghosts are blessed with the pleasure of flying around as much as they wish - and without any issues about legroom.
It's coming up to payday and once again, your wallet is feeling on the lighter side - a Muggle and wizard issue alike that only a ghost (or perhaps a Niffler) would evade. The expenses of being a ghost have got to be non-existent compared to your average mortal, so gold would definitely not be on their mind. It's hard to know if Hogwarts ghosts enjoy the summer holidays like us, but if we were ghosts, we'd be spending our summer lounging by the pool in the lushest 5-star hotel imaginable - just think, you wouldn't even have to ask anyone to put sun cream on your back!
What's the world going to be like in 1000 years? Unfortunately, we won't be around to see for ourselves - but the Hogwarts ghosts will still be here and up to their usual tricks. Will aliens ever invade? What will life really be like in the year 3000? Only good ol' Nearly Headless Nick and the Grey Lady will be there to find out. If only we could get our hands on a time machine!
It's hard to imagine living among hundreds of students would be lonely, but being a Hogwarts ghost must be rather isolating at times - constantly being around excited young people enjoying their mortal lives, hopeful and excited for their futures. While the Fat Friar seems jolly enough, and Nearly Headless Nick certainly makes an effort to befriend the students - such as inviting Harry, Ron and Hermione to his freakish Deathday Party - we're not sure they'd count as real friends. We suppose Peeves is always around if you need a laugh.
The food at Hogwarts is simply divine - especially if there's a special occasion. We can't imagine having to stare at the glorious roast potatoes, glazed parsnips and plump puddings and not be able to indulge. It is suggested that ghosts may be able to taste some food by walking through it (the older and more rotten the better), but it would never be the same experience as when they were mortal.
This next downside is one that is often overlooked, but one of the main reasons we would never want to be a ghost. Unless you're Professor Binns, most Hogwarts ghosts don't have a job - having a death date doesn't look good on the CV. So what do ghosts do all day? Float around watching lessons? Moaning Myrtle keeps herself busy spying on as many boys as she can, but even that must get boring after a while.
As the Bloody Baron constantly reminds us by sporting blood-stained attire, returning as a ghost means existing in the state that you died in. There's no time for a quick shower or makeover - however someone looks during their last few seconds of life is how they will remain for eternity. Perhaps that's why Moaning Myrtle cries so much - imagine being stuck in school uniform forever? Yikes.
In conclusion, there's plenty of upsides to being a Hogwarts ghost - but are they really worth the risk of getting stuck with Peeves forever? We're not sure we're convinced…
We've decided to weigh up the pros and cons of being a Hogwarts ghost to see if we can understand the desire for such a destiny...
A Pensieve is a wide and shallow dish made of metal or stone, often elaborately decorated or inlaid with precious stones, and carrying powerful and complex enchantments. Pensieves are rare, because only the most advanced wizards ever use them, and because the majority of wizardkind is afraid of doing so.
The perceived dangers of the Pensieve relate to its power over memory or thought. The Pensieve is enchanted to recreate memories so that they become re-liveable, taking every detail stored in the subconscious and recreating it faithfully, so that either the owner, or (and herein lies the danger) a second party, is able to enter the memories and move around within them. Inevitably, those with things to hide, those ashamed of their pasts, those eager to keep hold of their secrets, or protective of their privacy, will be wary of an object like the Pensieve.
Even more difficult than the recreation of memories is the use of a Pensieve to examine and sort thoughts and ideas, and very few wizards have the ability to do so. Albus Dumbledore is seen using the Hogwarts Pensieve in this way, notably in Chapter Thirty of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, when he adds thoughts to the Pensieve and Harry's face turns into Snape's; Dumbledore is reminding himself of the hidden connection between Snape and Harry (that Snape was in love with Harry's mother, and is now - though immensely grudgingly - honour-bound to protect him).
Traditionally, a witch or wizard's Pensieve, like their wand, is buried with them, as it is considered an intensely personal artefact; any thoughts or memories left inside the Pensieve are likewise interred with their owner, unless he or she has requested otherwise. The Hogwarts Pensieve, however, belongs not to any individual but to the school. It has been used by a long line of headmasters and headmistresses, who have also left behind their life experience in the form of memories. This forms an invaluable library of reference for the headmaster or headmistress of the day.
The Hogwarts Pensieve is made of ornately carved stone and is engraved with modified Saxon runes, which mark it as an artefact of immense antiquity that pre-dates the creation of the school. One (unsubstantiated) legend says that the founders discovered the Pensieve half-buried in the ground on the very spot where they decided to erect their school.
The name 'Pensieve' is a homonym of 'pensive', meaning deeply, seriously thoughtful; but it also a pun, the 'sieve' part of the word alluding to the object's function of sorting meanings from a mass of thoughts or memories.
The number of countries that have their own magical school is minuscule compared to those that do not. This is because the wizarding populations of most countries choose the option of home schooling. Occasionally, too, the magical community in a given country is tiny or far-flung and correspondence courses have been found a more cost-effective means of educating the young.
There are eleven long-established and prestigious wizarding schools worldwide, all of which are registered with the International Confederation of Wizards. Smaller and less well-regulated institutions have come and gone, are difficult to keep track of, and are rarely registered with the appropriate Ministry (in which case, I cannot vouch for the standard of education they might offer). Anyone wishing to know whether there is an approved magical school in their region should address an owl enquiry to the International Confederation of Wizards, Educational Office.
The precise location of each of the following schools is a closely guarded secret. The schools fear not only Muggle persecution, for it is a sad fact that at various times in their long histories, all of these institutions have been buffeted by the effects of wizard wars, and of hostile attention from both the foreign and domestic magical communities (it is not only in Britain that the education of magical youth has been subject to Ministry interference or pressure). As a general rule, magical schools tend to be situated in landlocked, mountainous areas (although there are notable exceptions, as will be seen), as such regions are difficult for Muggles to access, and easier to defend from Dark wizards.
Dolores Jane Umbridge was the eldest child and only daughter of Orford Umbridge, a wizard, and Ellen Cracknell, a Muggle, who also had a Squib son. Dolores's parents were unhappily married, and Dolores secretly despised both of them: Orford for his lack of ambition (he had never been promoted, and worked in the Department of Magical Maintenance at the Ministry of Magic), and her mother, Ellen, for her flightiness, untidiness, and Muggle lineage. Both Orford and his daughter blamed Ellen for Dolores's brother's lack of magical ability, with the result that when Dolores was fifteen, the family split down the middle, Orford and Dolores remaining together, and Ellen vanishing back into the Muggle world with her son. Dolores never saw her mother or brother again, never spoke of either of them, and henceforth pretended to all she met that she was a pure-blood.
An accomplished witch, Dolores joined the Ministry of Magic directly after she left Hogwarts, taking a job as a lowly intern in the Improper Use of Magic Office. Even at seventeen, Dolores was judgemental, prejudiced and sadistic, although her conscientious attitude, her saccharine manner towards her superiors, and the ruthlessness and stealth with which she took credit for other people's work soon gained her advancement. Before she was thirty, Dolores had been promoted to Head of the office, and it was but a short step from there to ever more senior positions in the management of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. By this time, she had persuaded her father to take early retirement, and by making him a small financial allowance, she ensured that he dropped quietly out of sight. Whenever she was asked (usually by workmates who did not like her) ‘are you related to that Umbridge who used to mop the floors here?' she would smile her sweetest, laugh, and deny any connection whatsoever, claiming that her deceased father had been a distinguished member of the Wizengamot. Nasty things tended to happen to people who asked about Orford, or anything that Dolores did not like talking about, and people who wanted to remain on her good side pretended to believe her version of her ancestry.
In spite of her best efforts to secure the affections of one of her superiors (she never cared particularly which of them it was, but knew that her own status and security would be advanced with a powerful husband), Dolores never succeeded in marrying. While they valued her hard work and ambition, those who got to know her best found it difficult to like her very much. After a glass of sweet sherry, Dolores was always prone to spout very uncharitable views, and even those who were anti-Muggle found themselves shocked by some of Dolores's suggestions, behind closed doors, of the treatment that the non-magical community deserved.
As she grew older and harder, and rose higher within the Ministry, Dolores's taste in little girlish accessories grew more and more pronounced; her office became a place of frills and furbelows, and she liked anything decorated with kittens (though found the real thing inconveniently messy). As the Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge became increasingly anxious and paranoid that Albus Dumbledore had ambitions to supersede him, Dolores managed to claw her way to the very heart of power, by stoking both Fudge's vanity and his fears, and presenting herself as one of the few he could trust.
Dolores's appointment as Inquisitor at Hogwarts gave full scope, for the first time in her life, for her prejudices and her cruelty. She had not enjoyed her time at school, where she had been overlooked for all positions of responsibility, and she relished the chance to return and wield power over those who had not (as she saw it) given her her due.
Dolores has what amounts to a phobia of beings that are not quite, or wholly, human. Her distaste for the half-giant Hagrid, and her terror of centaurs, reveal a terror of the unknown and the wild. She is an immensely controlling person, and all who challenge her authority and world-view must, in her opinion, be punished. She actively enjoys subjugating and humiliating others, and except in their declared allegiances, there is little to choose between her and Bellatrix Lestrange.
Dolores's time at Hogwarts ended disastrously, because she overreached the remit Fudge had given her, stepping outside the bounds of her own authority, carried away with a fanatical sense of self-purpose. Shaken but unrepentant after a catastrophic end to her Hogwarts career, she returned to a Ministry which had been plunged into turmoil due to the return of Lord Voldemort.
In the change of regimes that followed Fudge's forced resignation, Dolores was able to slip back into her former position at the Ministry. The new Minister, Rufus Scrimgeour, had more immediate problems pressing in on him than Dolores Umbridge. Scrimgeour was later punished for this oversight, because the fact that the Ministry had never punished Dolores for her many abuses of power seemed to Harry Potter to reveal both its complacency and its carelessness. Harry considered Dolores's continuing employment, and the lack of any repercussions for her behaviour at Hogwarts, a sign of the Ministry's essential corruption, and refused to cooperate with the new Minister because of it (Dolores is the only person, other than Lord Voldemort, to leave a permanent physical scar on Harry, having forced him to cut the words ‘I must not tell lies' on the back of his own hand during detention).
Dolores was soon enjoying life at the Ministry more than ever. When the Ministry was taken over by the puppet Minister Pius Thicknesse, and infiltrated by the Dark Lord's followers, Dolores was in her true element at last. Correctly judged, by senior Death Eaters, to have much more in common with them than she ever had with Albus Dumbledore, she not only retained her post but was given extra authority, becoming Head of the Muggle-born Registration Commission, which was in effect a kangaroo court that imprisoned all Muggle-borns on the basis that they had ‘stolen' their wands and their magic.
It was as she sat in judgement of another innocent woman that Harry Potter finally attacked Dolores in the very heart of the Ministry, and stole from her the Horcrux she had unwittingly been wearing.
With the fall of Lord Voldemort, Dolores Umbridge was put on trial for her enthusiastic co-operation with his regime, and convicted of the torture, imprisonment and deaths of several people (some of the innocent Muggle-borns she sentenced to Azkaban did not survive their ordeal).
Wait, what? How did Dumbledore have the power of invisibility? Maybe he'd just mastered the art of dressing like a Muggle and blending in with a crowd. Either that or he was very good at hiding. It would explain how he seemed to know everything that was going on at Hogwarts, though perhaps it wasn't only Harry slinking around the corridors in the dead of the night…
Nothing was quite what it seemed where Dumbledore was concerned and his comforting words after Pettigrew's escape were no exception. He accurately predicted the exact circumstances of Pettigrew's death years later; in saving Peter's life, Harry also saved his own. It wouldn't surprise us to learn Dumbledore could foretell the future — maybe he should have taken over from Professor Trelawney?
Harry's first Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher is a clever young wizard who took a 'Grand Tour' around the world before taking up his teaching post at Hogwarts. When Harry first meets Quirrell, he has adopted a turban for everyday wear. His nerves, expressed most obviously in his stammer, are so pronounced that it is rumoured the turban is stuffed full of garlic, to ward off vampires.
I saw Quirrell as a gifted but delicate boy, who would probably have been teased for his timidity and nerves during his school life. Feeling inadequate and wishing to prove himself, he developed an (initially theoretical) interest in the Dark Arts. Like many people who feel themselves to be insignificant, even laughable, Quirrell had a latent desire to make the world sit up and notice him.
Quirrell set out deliberately to find whatever remained of the Dark wizard, partly out of curiosity, partly out of that unacknowledged desire for importance. At the very least, Quirrell fantasised that he could be the man who tracked Voldemort down, but at best, might learn skills from Voldemort that would ensure he was never laughed at again.
Though Hagrid was correct in saying that Quirrell had a ‘brilliant mind', the Hogwarts teacher was both naive and arrogant in thinking that he would be able to control an encounter with Voldemort, even in the Dark wizard's weakened state. When Voldemort realised that the young man had a position at Hogwarts, he took immediate possession of Quirrell, who was incapable of resisting.
While Quirrell did not lose his soul, he became completely subjugated by Voldemort, who caused a frightful mutation of Quirrell's body: now Voldemort looked out of the back of Quirrell's head and directed his movements, even forcing him to attempt murder. Quirrell tried to put up feeble resistance on occasion, but Voldemort was far too strong for him.
Quirrell is, in effect, turned into a temporary Horcrux by Voldemort. He is greatly depleted by the physical strain of fighting the far stronger, evil soul inside him. Quirrell's body manifests burns and blisters during his fight with Harry due to the protective power Harry's mother left in his skin when she died for him. When the body Voldemort and Quirrell are sharing is horribly burned by contact with Harry, the former flees just in time to save himself, leaving the damaged and enfeebled Quirrell to collapse and die.
Quirinus was a Roman God about whom there is not much information, although he is commonly associated with war - a clue that Quirrell is not quite as meek as he appears. 'Quirrell', which is so nearly 'squirrel' - small, cute and harmless - also suggested 'quiver', a nod to the character's innate nervousness.
Hogwarts is the most heavily haunted dwelling place in Britain (and this is against stiff competition, as there are more reported ghost sightings/sensings on these damp islands than anywhere else in the world). The castle is a congenial place for ghosts, because the living inhabitants treat their dead friends with tolerance and even affection, no matter how many times they have heard the same old reminiscences.
Each of the four Hogwarts houses has its own ghost. Slytherin boasts the Bloody Baron, who is covered in silver bloodstains. The least talkative of the house ghosts is the Grey Lady, who is long-haired and beautiful.
Hufflepuff house is haunted by the Fat Friar, who was executed because senior churchmen grew suspicious of his ability to cure the pox merely by poking peasants with a stick, and his ill-advised habit of pulling rabbits out of the communion cup. Though a genial character in general, the Fat Friar still resents the fact that he was never made a cardinal.
Gryffindor house is home to Nearly Headless Nick, who in life was Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington. Something of a snob, and a less accomplished wizard than he believed, Sir Nicholas lounged around the court of Henry VII in life, until his foolish attempt to beautify a lady-in-waiting by magic caused the unfortunate woman to sprout tusks. Sir Nicholas was stripped of his wand and inexpertly executed, leaving his head hanging off by a single flap of skin and sinew. He retains a feeling of inadequacy with regard to truly headless ghosts.
Another notable Hogwarts ghost is Moaning Myrtle, who haunts an unpopular girls' toilet. Myrtle was a student at Hogwarts when she died, and she chose to return to school in perpetuity, with the short-term aim of haunting her arch-rival and bully, Olive Hornby. As the decades have rolled by, Myrtle has made a name for herself as the most miserable ghost in school, usually to be found lurking inside one of the toilets and filling the tiled space with her moans and howls.
The inspiration for Moaning Myrtle was the frequent presence of a crying girl in communal bathrooms, especially at the parties and discos of my youth. This does not seem to happen in male bathrooms, so I enjoyed placing Harry and Ron in such uncomfortable and unfamiliar territory in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
The most productive ghost at Hogwarts is, of course, Professor Binns, the old History of Magic teacher who fell asleep in front of the staff-room fire one day and simply got up to give his next class, leaving his body behind. There is some debate as to whether or not Professor Binns realises he is dead. While his entrance to lessons through the blackboard is vaguely amusing the first time students see it, he is not the most stimulating teacher.
The inspiration for Professor Binns was an old professor at my university, who gave every lecture with his eyes closed, rocking backwards and forwards slightly on his toes. While he was a brilliant man, who disgorged an immense amount of valuable information at every lecture, his disconnect with his students was total. Professor Binns is only dimly aware of his living students, and is astonished when they begin asking him questions.
In the very earliest list of ghosts I ever wrote for Hogwarts, I included Myrtle (initially named 'Wailing Wanda'), Professor Binns, the Grey Lady (then called 'the Whispering Lady') and the Bloody Baron. There was also a Black Knight, The Toad (which left ectoplasm all over its classroom), and a ghost I rather regret not using: his name was Edmund Grubb, and the notes beside his name say: 'Expired in the doorway of the Dining Hall. Sometimes stops people getting in, out of spite. Fat Victorian ghost. (Ate poisonous berries).'
The Polyjuice Potion, which is a complex and time-consuming concoction, is best left to highly skilled witches and wizards. It enables the consumer to assume the physical appearance of another person, as long as they have first procured part of that individual's body to add to the brew (this may be anything - toenail clippings, dandruff or worse - but it is most usual to use hair). The idea that a witch or wizard might make evil use of parts of the body is an ancient one, and exists in the folklore and superstitions of many cultures.
The effect of the potion is only temporary, and depending on how well it has been brewed, may last anything from between ten minutes and twelve hours. You can change age, sex and race by taking the Polyjuice Potion, but not species.
As Muggles, there is so much to do at Christmastime. From present shopping to cooking the Christmas dinner, the 'most wonderful time of the year' can also be the most exhausting, too. In fact, we can't help but feel a little hard done by when we consider just how easy it must be for a witch or a wizard. With so many spells to help them, Christmas for the wizarding community must be a doddle.
Given that we never received a Hogwarts letter and that this time of the year is when dreams are supposed to come true, we thought we'd put together a list of spells that we wish we could use to make Christmas that little bit easier.
As we know all too well, wrapping presents can be monotonous, especially if you have a lot of friends and family, or you're particularly generous. And what could be more annoying than when you're mid-wrap of a gift only to find that your sticky tape - or, if we were in the wizarding world, Spellotape - has somehow ended up on the other side of the room (why does this always happen?).
If it's not that - it's the scissors. Or on the worst days: both. There would be nothing more satisfying than a quick flick of our wands, a mutter of the Summoning Charm 'Accio sticky tape' and to have said tape whoosh across the room into our hands. Present wrapping made easy - almost as useful as summoning a Firebolt against a dragon.
There are always those people who turn up over Christmas uninvited, and unlike the spread put on at Hogwarts, we don't happen to have a score of house-elves cooking food for us. (Not that we'd want to. S.P.E.W. forever!)
Now, wouldn't the ability to just make the food that you've got become bigger solve those mad dash runs to the supermarket? We got the idea for this one from Hagrid and his pumpkin patch, so thanks Hagrid for that bit o' help.
The problem with hosting a party is that you often never get to enjoy it yourself. As the host you're either rushing around ensuring everyone is having a good time or making sure that people's drinks are topped up. Well, like when Harry took the Felix Felicis in Half-Blood Prince and kept an eye on the levels of wine in Hagrid and Slughorn's cups, we'd make sure that everyone at our Christmas soirée or dinner party had a full glass throughout. It might stop us from spilling things, too.
Talking of spilling things, with all the sauces, drinks and roasting that goes on at Christmas, it can sometimes feel like half the time is spent clearing up. Seriously, the last thing you want to do after gobbling roast potatoes, too much turkey and lashings of gravy, is to get up and start scouring at roasting tins and saucepans.
If were magically inclined, however, we'd totally point our wands at the dirty dishes and cast Scourgify to help get those dishes done. It's a piece of magic that Mrs Weasley is particularly masterful at, having to clean up after her huge Weasley brood a lot of the time.
Harry and Ron with their trolleys on the station platform at King's Cross
While Harry may have forgotten the definition of a Switching Spell while doing his Transfiguration O.W.L., at Christmas this spell could really come in useful. Of course, being given any present is a lovely thing, but sometimes the gifts you get given can be a little... naff.
Let's just say we understand Ron's frustration at receiving another lumpy Weasley jumper every year. With a Switching Spell, however, we could totally swap that lumpy jumper for something that we actually wanted for Christmas. To save hurting anyone's feelings, though, it would probably be worth doing this once the person who had given you the present you didn't like wasn't there.
Given that this spell was developed by the Half-Blood Prince we'd approach this one with caution, but Muffliato could be the spell to save us from some serious festive fatigue. Perhaps you have a rather opiniated relative who, every time you sit down for a meal, dominates the conversation; maybe there are a lot of babies in your family and they cry a lot; or perhaps you've just had enough of hearing the same Christmas songs over and over again. Well, a quick cast of Muffliato (on yourself, mind) could provide that bit of respite you've been craving. Just don't forget that you've put a charm on yourself, otherwise you might start to wonder why all you're hearing is an unidentifiable buzzing.
Like with Accio, Wingardium Leviosa is the sort of spell that would always be useful to have in your arsenal. We might not be fighting trolls or thwarting Death Eaters, but Christmas seems to involve a lot of lifting and carrying. It would be helpful, for instance, to cast the spell while taking home your Christmas tree. Similarly, the problem of carrying food from the kitchen to the table so it all stays warm would be resolved, too. You could even use it to pass the gravy down the table, removing any risks of spillage (see: Tergeo).
Of course, the most useful spell at Christmas would be the most obvious: the Christmas decorations conjuring spell! Sure, part of the fun of Christmas is decorating and making your environment all festive, but with all the other pressures of Christmas this small pleasure can sometimes feel like a chore. If we could use a spell to make our homes Christmas-ready, we'd use it in a heartbeat. Although, we might leave decorating the tree by hand - part of having the ability to use magic is knowing when not to use it, right?
Cherishing a secret wish to reside at Hogwarts and learn the art of witchcraft and wizardry is all part and parcel of being a Harry Potter fan.
While it cannot be denied that the sprawling Scottish castle was a sight to behold, brimming with ancient enchantments and unexpected quirks, there was a home away from home that has been rather overlooked: good old Hagrid's hut.
Lucius Malfoy might sneer at the very suggestion, but there's something magical about this simple wooden cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest.
As anyone with a bit of property know-how will tell you, it's not only about the house itself, you need to consider the location too. In this respect Hagrid's hut had it covered. Not only did it benefit from the same stunning surroundings as the castle, it came complete with access to glorious grounds with a lake and (slightly terrifying) forest as well. Tucked out of the way from the hustle and bustle of Hogwarts student life, you'd also benefit from plenty of peace and quiet.
Being a half-giant, Hagrid tended to make everything appear on the small side, including his beloved home. For anyone else, it would be perfectly roomy while still being small enough to stay toasty warm and delightfully cosy. Imagine curling up in front of the fire on a cold winter's night, toasting fat sausages over the flames or boiling up a cup of tea in Hagrid's enormous copper kettle. Pure bliss!
The egg Hagrid was given by a stranger sits in the fire in his hut, waiting to hatch
Whenever our favourite trio used to visit Hagrid's hut, there was always something to see - unicorn hair, all manner of finds from the forest and even a dragon egg on occasion. One of the great joys of this place was the wondrous nature of the objects inside - you'd be sure to come across something you'd never seen before, although it might just be one of Hagrid's rock cakes.
You'd have all the home comforts you'd need.
A roaring fire, a warm bed and plentiful food is enough to keep most of us happy and the gamekeeper's hut had them all. Hagrid might not have been up to Molly Weasley's standards when it came to cooking, but he took great care of his vegetable patch so you wouldn't have to go far for fresh ingredients. After an evening meal, you could snuggle down under the patchwork quilt and listen to the rain pitter-pattering against the windows. What more could you want?
It had the best of both worlds.
You might not be living inside the castle, but you'd be close enough to enjoy all the benefits of Hogwarts life: a Christmas feast, the magical sky in the Great Hall or just a bit of company; it's all within a short walk. The lake would be close by for swimming or lolling about in the sun, and the forest would be on your doorstep should you be feeling brave - watch out for the spiders though. And you wouldn't have to put up with helpful advice or comical confrontations from the Hogwarts portraits either (we're talking about you, Sir Cadogan).
The great North American school of magic was founded in the seventeenth century. It stands at the highest peak of Mount Greylock, where it is concealed from non-magic gaze by a variety of powerful enchantments, which sometimes manifest in a wreath of misty cloud.
Isolt Sayre was born around 1603 and spent her earliest childhood in the valley of Coomloughra, County Kerry, in Ireland. She was the offspring of two pure-blood wizarding families.
Her father, William Sayre, was a direct descendant of the famous Irish witch Morrigan, an Animagus whose creature form was a crow. William nicknamed his daughter 'Morrigan' for her affinity for all natural things when she was young. Her early childhood was idyllic, with parents who loved her and were quietly helpful to their Muggle neighbours, producing magical cures for humans and livestock alike.
However, at five years old, an attack upon the family home resulted in the death of both of her parents. Isolt was 'rescued' from the fire by her mother's estranged sister, Gormlaith Gaunt, who took her to the neighbouring valley of Coomcallee, or 'Hag's Glen', and raised her there.
As Isolt grew older she came to realise that her saviour was in reality her kidnapper and the murderer of her parents. Unstable and cruel, Gormlaith was a fanatical pure-blood who believed that her sister's helpfulness to her Muggle neighbours was setting Isolt upon a dangerous path to intermarriage with a non-magical man. Only by stealing the child, Gormlaith believed, could their daughter be brought back to the 'right way': raised in the belief that as a descendant of both Morrigan and Salazar Slytherin she ought to associate only with pure-bloods.
Gormlaith set herself to be the model she thought Isolt needed by forcing the child to watch, as she cursed and jinxed any Muggle or animal that strayed too near their cottage. The community soon learned to avoid the place where Gormlaith lived, and from then on the only contact Isolt had with the villagers she had once been friends with, was when local boys threw stones at her as she played in the garden.
Gormlaith refused to allow Isolt to take up her place at Hogwarts when the letter arrived, on the basis that Isolt would learn more at home than at a dangerously egalitarian establishment full of Mudbloods. However, Gormlaith herself had attended Hogwarts, and told Isolt a great deal about the school. In the main, she did this to denigrate the place, lamenting that Salazar Slytherin's plans for the purity of wizardkind had not been fulfilled. To her niece, isolated and mistreated by an aunt she believed to be at least half insane, Hogwarts sounded like a kind of paradise and she spent much of her teens fantasising about it.
For twelve years, Gormlaith enforced Isolt's cooperation and isolation through powerful Dark magic. At last the young woman developed sufficient skill and courage to escape by stealing her aunt's wand, for she had never been permitted her own. The only other object that Isolt took with her was a gold brooch in the shape of a Gordian Knot that had once belonged to her mother. Isolt then fled the country.
Scared of Gormlaith's retribution and her prodigious tracking powers, Isolt moved first to England, but before long Gormlaith was on her tail. Determined to hide in such a way that her adoptive mother would never find her, Isolt cut off her hair. Masquerading as a Muggle boy called Elias Story, she set sail for the New World on the Mayflower in 1620.
Isolt arrived in America among the earliest Muggle settlers (Muggles are known as 'No-Majs' in the American wizarding community, from 'No Magic'). On arrival she vanished into the surrounding mountains, leaving her erstwhile shipmates to suppose that 'Elias Story' had died of the harsh winter, like so many others. Isolt left the new colony partly because she remained afraid that Gormlaith would track her, even to a new continent, but also because her journey aboard the Mayflower had led her to deduce that a witch was unlikely to find many friends among the Puritans.
Isolt was now quite alone in a harsh, foreign country and, as far as she knew, the only witch for hundreds if not thousands of miles - her partial education by Gormlaith had not included information about Native American wizards. However, after several weeks alone in the mountains, she met two magical creatures of whose existence she had hitherto been ignorant.
The Hidebehind is a nocturnal, forest-dwelling spectre that preys on humanoid creatures. As the name suggests, it can contort itself to hide behind almost any object, concealing itself perfectly from hunters and victims alike. Its existence has been suspected by No-Majs, but they are no match for its powers. Only a witch or wizard is likely to survive an attack by a Hidebehind.
The Pukwudgie is also native to America: a short, grey-faced, large-eared creature distantly related to the European goblin. Fiercely independent, tricky and not over-fond of humankind (whether magical or mundane), it possesses its own powerful magic. Pukwudgies hunt with deadly, poisonous arrows and enjoy playing tricks on humans.
The two creatures had met in the forest and the Hidebehind, which was of unusual size and strength, had not only succeeded in capturing the Pukwudgie, which was young and inexperienced, but had also been on the point of disembowelling him when Isolt cast the curse that made it flee. Unaware that the Pukwudgie, too, was exceptionally dangerous to humans, Isolt picked him up, carried him to her makeshift shelter and nursed him back to health.
The Pukwudgie now declared himself bound to serve her until he had an opportunity to repay his debt. He considered it a great humiliation to be indebted to a young witch foolish enough to wander around in a strange country, where Pukwudgies or Hidebehinds might have attacked her at any moment, and her days were now filled with the Pukwudgie's grumbling as he trudged along at her heels.
In spite of the Pukwudgie's ingratitude, Isolt found him amusing and was glad of his company. Over time, a friendship developed between them that was almost unique in the history of their respective species. Faithful to the taboos of his people, the Pukwudgie refused to tell her his individual name, so she dubbed him 'William' after her father.
William began to introduce Isolt to the magical creatures with which he was familiar. They took trips together to observe the frog-headed Hodags hunting, they fought a dragonish Snallygaster and watched newborn Wampus kittens playing in the dawn.
Most fascinating of all to Isolt, was the great horned river serpent with a jewel set into its forehead, which lived in a nearby creek. Even her Pukwudgie guide was terrified of this beast, but to his astonishment, the Horned Serpent seemed to like Isolt. Even more alarming to William was the fact that she claimed to understand what the Horned Serpent was saying to her.
Isolt learned not to talk to William about her strange sense of kinship with the serpent, nor of the fact that it seemed to tell her things. She took to visiting the creek alone and never told the Pukwudgie where she had been. The serpent's message never varied: 'Until I am part of your family, your family is doomed.'
Isolt had no family, unless you counted Gormlaith back in Ireland. She could not understand the Horned Serpent's cryptic words, or even decide whether she was imagining the voice in which he seemed to speak to her.
Isolt was finally reunited with people of her own kind under tragic circumstances. As she and William foraged in the woods one day, a grisly noise not far away caused William to shout at Isolt to remain where she was, as he charged away through the trees, poisoned arrow at the ready.
Naturally, Isolt did not follow his instructions, and when she arrived shortly afterwards at a small clearing she found a horrific sight. The very Hidebehind that had previously tried to kill William had had more success with a pair of naïve humans who now lay dead upon the ground. Worse, two small boys lay seriously injured nearby, waiting their turn as the Hidebehind prepared to disembowel their parents.
The Pukwudgie and Isolt together made short work of the Hidebehind, which this time was destroyed. Delighted with their afternoon's work, the Pukwudgie then continued blackberrying, ignoring the faint groans of the children on the ground. When the furious Isolt instructed him to help her carry the two small boys home, William threw a tantrum. The young boys, he said, were already as good as dead. It was against the beliefs of his kind to assist humankind, Isolt being the unfortunate exception because she had saved his life.
Outraged by the Pukwudgie's callousness, Isolt told him that she would accept the saving of one of the boy's lives as repayment. The two boys were so ill she was afraid to Apparate with them, but insisted on carrying them home. Grudgingly, the Pukwudgie consented to carry the older boy, whose name was Chadwick, while Isolt carried young Webster back to her shelter.
Once there, the furious Isolt told William that she had no further need of him. The Pukwudgie glared at her, then vanished.
Isolt had sacrificed her only friend for the two small boys who might not survive. Fortunately, however, they did so, and to her astonishment and delight, she realised that they were magical.
Chadwick and Webster's wizarding parents had brought them to America in search of a fascinating adventure. This had ended in tragedy when the family had wandered into the woods and encountered the Hidebehind. Unfamiliar with the creature and taking it for a common or garden Boggart, Mr Boot had attempted to ridicule it, with the awful consequences that Isolt and William had witnessed.
The boys were so seriously ill for the first couple of weeks that Isolt did not dare leave them. It troubled her that in her haste to save the children she had not been able to give their parents' bodies a decent burial, and when at last Chadwick and Webster seemed well enough to leave alone for a few hours, she returned to the forest with the intention of creating graves that the boys might one day visit.
To her surprise, when she arrived in the clearing she found a young man by the name of James Steward. He, too, was from the Plymouth settlement. Having missed the family he had befriended on his journey to America, he had gone into the forest to search for them.
As Isolt watched, James finished marking the graves he had dug by hand, then picked up the two broken wands that had lain beside the Boot parents. Frowning he examined the sparking core of dragon heartstring that protruded from Mr Boot's, then gave it a casual wave. As invariably happens when a No-Maj waves a wand, it rebelled. James was sent flying backwards across the clearing, hit a tree and was knocked out cold.
He woke in a small shelter of branches and animal skins to find himself being nursed by Isolt. She could not hide her magic from him in such a confined space, particularly when she was brewing potions to aid the Boot boys' recovery and using her wand to hunt. Isolt intended to Obliviate James once he was over his concussion and to send him back to the colony at Plymouth.
In the meantime, it was wonderful to have another adult to talk to, especially an adult who was already fond of the Boot boys and helped entertain them while they recovered from their magical injuries. James even helped Isolt construct a stone house on the top of Greylock, providing a workable design, having been a stonemason in England, which Isolt made a reality in the space of an afternoon. Isolt christened her new home 'Ilvermorny' after the cottage in which she had been born, and which Gormlaith had destroyed.
Every day, Isolt vowed to Obliviate James, and every day, his fear of magic wore off a little more, until finally it seemed simplest to admit that they were in love, marry and have done with it.
Isolt and James considered the Boot boys their adopted sons. Isolt told them the second-hand stories of Hogwarts she had learned from Gormlaith. Both boys yearned to attend the school, frequently asking why they could not all return to Ireland where they could wait for their letters. Isolt did not want to frighten the boys with the story of Gormlaith. Instead, she promised them that when they reached eleven years old, she would somehow find them wands (their parents' wands being broken beyond repair) and they would start a school of magic right there in the cottage.
This idea caught Chadwick's and Webster's imaginations. The boys' ideas of what a magical school ought to be like were based almost entirely on Hogwarts, so they insisted that it ought to have four houses. The idea of naming the houses after themselves, as the founders, was swiftly abandoned, because Webster felt a house called 'Webster Boot' had no chance of ever winning anything, and instead, each chose their favourite magical beast. For Chadwick, an intelligent but often temperamental boy, it was the Thunderbird that can create storms as it flies. For argumentative but fiercely loyal Webster, it was the Wampus, a magical panther-like creature that was fast, strong and almost impossible to kill. For Isolt, it was, of course, the Horned Serpent that she still visited and with which she felt a strange sense of kinship.
When asked what his favourite creature was, James was at a loss. The only No-Maj in the family was unable to consort with the magical creatures the others had begun to know well. Finally, he named the Pukwudgie, because the stories his wife told of curmudgeonly William always made him laugh.
Thus were the four houses of Ilvermorny created, and while the four originators did not yet know it, much of their own characters leaked into the houses they had so light-heartedly named.
Chadwick's eleventh birthday was fast approaching and Isolt was at a loss to know how to provide the wand she had promised him. As far as she knew, the wand she had stolen from Gormlaith was the only one in America. She did not dare dissect it to find out how it was made, and her investigations into the wands of the boys' parents showed her only that the dragon heartstring and unicorn hair they had both contained, had long since shrivelled and died.
On the eve of his birthday, she had a dream that she went down to the creek to find the Horned Serpent, which rose up out of the water and bowed its head to her while she shaved a long shard from its horn. Waking in the darkness, she proceeded down to the creek.
The Horned Serpent was waiting there for her. It raised its head exactly as it had done in her dream, she took part of its horn, thanked it, then returned to the house and woke James, whose skill with stone and wood had already beautified the family cottage.
When Chadwick woke next day, it was to find a finely carved wand of prickly ash enclosing the horn of the serpent. Isolt and James had succeeded in creating a wand of exceptional power.
By the time Webster turned eleven, the reputation of the family's little home school had spread. Two more magical boys from the Wampanoag tribe had been joined by a mother and two daughters from the Narragansett, all interested in learning the techniques of wandwork in exchange for sharing their own magical learning. All were provided with wands of Isolt's and James's making. Some protective instinct told Isolt to save the Horned Serpent cores only for her two adoptive sons and she and James learned to use a variety of other cores, including Wampus hair, Snallygaster heartstring and Jackalope antlers.
By 1634, the home school had grown beyond Isolt's family's wildest dreams. The house expanded with every passing year. More students had arrived and while the school was still small, there were enough children to fulfil Webster's dream of inter-house competitions. However, as the school's reputation had not yet expanded beyond the local Native American tribes and European settlers, there were no boarders. The only people to stay at Ilvermorny overnight were Isolt, James, Chadwick, Webster and the twin girls to whom Isolt had now given birth: Martha, named for James's late mother, and Rionach, named for Isolt's.
The happy, busy family had no idea that grave danger was approaching them from afar. News had reached the old country that a new magical school had been set up in Massachusetts. The rumour was that the headmistress had been nicknamed 'Morrigan' after the famous Irish witch. However, it was only when she heard that the name of the school was 'Ilvermorny', that Gormlaith could believe that Isolt had managed to travel all the way to America undetected, to marry, not just a Muggle-born, but an actual Muggle, and to open a school that educated anybody with a shred of magic.
Gormlaith had purchased a wand at the despised Ollivanders to replace the precious family wand that had been handed down through generations before Isolt stole it. Determined that her niece would not know of her coming until it was too late, she unknowingly imitated Isolt by disguising herself as a man to make the crossing to America on the ship Bonaventure. Wickedly, she travelled under the name of William Sayre, which was that of Isolt's murdered father. Gormlaith landed in Virginia and made her way stealthily towards Massachusetts and Mount Greylock, reaching the mountain on a winter's night. She intended to lay waste to the second Ilvermorny, slaughter the parents who had thwarted her ambition of a great pure-blood family, steal her great nieces who were the last to carry the sacred bloodline, and return with them to Hag's Glen.
At her first sight of the large granite building rising in the darkness from the peak of Mount Greylock, Gormlaith sent a powerful curse containing Isolt and James's names towards the house, which forced them into an enchanted slumber.
Next, she uttered a single sibilant word in Parseltongue, the language of snakes. The wand that had served Isolt so faithfully for many years quivered once on the bedstand beside her as she slept, and became inactive. In all the years that she had lived with it, Isolt had never known that she held in her hand the wand of Salazar Slytherin, one of the founders of Hogwarts, and that it contained a fragment of a magical snake's horn: in this case, a Basilisk. The wand had been taught by its creator to 'sleep' when so instructed, and this secret had been handed down through the centuries to each member of Slytherin's family who possessed it.
What Gormlaith did not know, was that there were two other occupants of the house whom she had not put to sleep, for she had never heard of sixteen-year-old Chadwick and fourteen-year-old Webster. The other thing she did not know, was what lay at the hearts of their wands: the horn of the river serpent. These wands did not become inactive when Gormlaith spoke her word of Parseltongue. On the contrary, their magical cores vibrated to the sound of the ancient language and, sensing danger to their masters, began to emit a low musical note, exactly as the Horned Serpent sounds danger.
Both Boot boys woke and leapt out of bed. Chadwick looked instinctively through the window. Creeping through the trees towards the house was the silhouette of Gormlaith Gaunt.
Like all children, Chadwick had heard and understood more than his adoptive parents had ever imagined. They might have thought that they had shielded him from any knowledge of the murderous Gormlaith, but they were wrong. As a small boy, Chadwick had overheard Isolt discussing her reasons for escaping Ireland and, little though she and James realised it, Chadwick's dreams had been haunted by the figure of an old witch creeping through the trees towards Ilvermorny. Now he saw his nightmare made true.
Telling Webster to warn their parents, Chadwick sprinted downstairs and did the only thing that seemed to make sense to him: he ran out of the house to meet Gormlaith and prevent her entering the place where his family slept.
Gormlaith was not expecting to meet a teenage wizard and she underestimated him at first. Chadwick parried her curse expertly and they began to duel. Within a few minutes Gormlaith, though far more powerful than Chadwick, was forced to concede that the talented boy had been well taught. Even as she sent curses at his head in an attempt to subdue him, and drove him back towards the house, she questioned him about his parentage for, she said, she would be loathe to kill a pure-blood of his talent.
Meanwhile Webster was trying to shake his parents awake, but the enchantment lay so deeply upon them that not even the sound of Gormlaith's shouts and of curses hitting the house roused them. Webster therefore hurtled downstairs and joined the duel now raging just outside the house.
Two onto one made her job more difficult: moreover, the twin cores of the Boot boys' wands, when used together against a common enemy, increased their power tenfold. Even so, Gormlaith's magic was strong and Dark enough to match them. Now the duel reached extraordinary proportions, Gormlaith still laughing and promising them mercy if they could prove their pure-blood credentials, Chadwick and Webster determined to stop her reaching their family. The brothers were driven back inside Ilvermorny: walls cracked and windows shattered, but still Isolt and James slept, until the baby girls lying upstairs woke and screamed in fear.
It was this that pierced the enchantment lying over Isolt and James. Rage and magic could not wake them, but the terrified screams of their daughters broke the curse Gormlaith had laid upon them, which, like Gormlaith herself, took no account of the power of love. Isolt screamed at James to go to the girls: she ran to assist her adoptive sons, Slytherin's wand in her hand.
Only when she raised it to attack her hated aunt did she realise that for all the good it would do her, the sleeping wand might as well have been a stick she had found on the ground. Gloating, Gormlaith drove Isolt, Chadwick and Webster backwards up the stairs, towards the place where she could hear her great-nieces crying. Finally she managed to blast open the doors to their bedroom, where James stood ready to die in front of the cribs of his daughters. Sure that all was lost, Isolt cried out, hardly knowing what she said, for her murdered father.
A great clatter sounded and the moonlight was blocked from the room as William the Pukwudgie appeared on the windowsill. Before Gormlaith knew what had happened, a poisoned arrow tip had pierced her through the heart. She let out an unearthly scream that was heard for miles around. The old witch had indulged in all manner of Dark magic in an attempt to make herself invincible, and these curses now reacted with the Pukwudgie's venom, causing her to become as solid and as brittle as coal before shattering into a thousand pieces. The Ollivander wand fell to the ground and burst: all that was left of Gormlaith Gaunt was a pile of smoking dust, a broken stick and a charred dragon heartstring.
William had saved the family's lives. In exchange for their gratitude he merely barked that he noticed Isolt had not bothered to say his name for a decade, and that he was offended that she only called him when in fear of her imminent death. Isolt was too tactful to point out that she had been calling on a different William. James was delighted to meet the Pukwudgie of whom he had heard so much and, forgetting that Pukwudgies hate most humans, he wrung the perplexed William's hand and said how glad he was he had named one of the houses of Ilvermorny after him.
It is widely believed that it was this piece of flattery that softened William's heart, because he moved his family of Pukwudgies into the house the next day and, complaining constantly as usual, helped them to repair the damage that Gormlaith had wreaked. He then announced that the wizards were too dim to protect themselves and negotiated a hefty retainer in gold for acting as the school's private security/maintenance service.
Slytherin's wand remained inactive following Gormlaith's command in Parseltongue. Isolt could not speak the language, but, in any case, she no longer wanted to touch the wand that was the last relic of her unhappy childhood. She and James buried it outside the grounds.
Within a year an unknown species of snakewood tree had grown out of the earth on the spot where the wand was buried. It resisted all attempts to prune or kill it, but after several years the leaves were found to contain powerful medicinal properties. This tree seemed testament to the fact that Slytherin's wand, like his scattered descendants, encompassed both noble and ignoble. The very best of him seemed to have migrated to America.
Ilvermorny's reputation grew steadily throughout the following years. The granite house expanded to a castle. More teachers were recruited to meet the growing demand. Now witch and wizard children from all over North America were being sent to learn there and it became a boarding school. By the nineteenth century, Ilvermorny had gained the international reputation it enjoys today.
For many years, Isolt and James remained joint Headmaster and Headmistress, as beloved to many generations of students as members of their own families.
Chadwick became an accomplished and well-travelled wizard who authored Chadwick's Charms Vols I - VII, which are standard texts at Ilvermorny. He married a Mexican Healer called Josefina Calderon and the Calderon-Boot family remains one of wizarding America's most prominent today.
Prior to the creation of MACUSA (the Magical Congress of the United States of America), the New World was short of wizarding law enforcement. Webster Boot became what would now be known as an Auror for hire. While repatriating a particularly nasty Dark wizard to London, Webster met and fell in love with a young Scottish witch who was working at the Ministry of Magic. Thus did the Boot family return to its home country. Webster's descendants would be educated at Hogwarts.
Martha, the elder of James and Isolt's twins, was a Squib. Deeply loved though Martha was by her parents and adoptive brothers, it was painful for her to grow up at Ilvermorny when she was unable to perform magic. She eventually married the non-magical brother of a friend from the Pocomtuc tribe and lived henceforth as a No-Maj.
Rionach, the youngest of James and Isolt's daughters, taught Defence Against the Dark Arts at Ilvermorny for many years. Rionach never married. There was a rumour, never confirmed by her family, that, unlike her sister Martha, Rionach was born with the ability to speak Parseltongue and that she was determined not to pass on Slytherin ancestry into the next generation (the American branch of the family was unaware that Gormlaith was not the last of the Gaunts, and that the line continued in England).
Isolt and James both lived to be over 100. They had seen the cottage of Ilvermorny become a granite castle, and they died in the knowledge that their school was now so famous that magical families all over North America were clamouring to educate their children there. They had hired staff, they had built dormitories, they had concealed their school from No-Maj eyes by clever enchantments: in short, the girl who had dreamed of attending Hogwarts had helped found the North American equivalent.
As might be expected of a school part-founded by a No-Maj, Ilvermorny has the reputation of being one of the most democratic, least elitist of all the great wizarding schools.
Marble statues of Isolt and James flank the front doors of Ilvermorny Castle. The doors open onto a circular room topped by a glass cupola. A wooden balcony runs around the room one floor above. Otherwise the space is empty except for four enormous wooden carvings representing the houses: the Horned Serpent, the panther Wampus, the Thunderbird and the Pukwudgie.
While the rest of the school watches from the circular balcony overhead, new students file into the round entrance hall. They stand around the walls and, one by one, are called to stand on the symbol of the Gordian Knot set into the middle of the stone floor. In silence the school then waits for the enchanted carvings to react. If the Horned Serpent wants the student, the crystal set into its forehead will light up. If the Wampus wants the student, it roars. The Thunderbird signifies its approval by beating its wings, and the Pukwudgie will raise its arrow into the air.
Should more than one carving signify its wish to include the student in its house, the choice rests with the student. Very rarely - perhaps once a decade - a student is offered a place in all four houses. Seraphina Picquery, President of MACUSA 1920 - 1928, was the only witch of her generation so honoured, and she chose Horned Serpent.
It is sometimes said of the Ilvermorny houses that they represent the whole witch or wizard: the mind is represented by Horned Serpent; the body, Wampus; the heart, Pukwudgie and the soul, Thunderbird. Others say that Horned Serpent favours scholars, Wampus, warriors, Pukwudgie, healers and Thunderbird, adventurers.
The Sorting Ceremony is not the only major difference between Hogwarts and Ilvermorny (though in so many ways the schools resemble each other). Once students have been allocated a house they are led into a large hall where they select (or are selected by) a wand. Until the 1965 repeal of Rappaport's Law, which enforced very strict conformity with the Statute of Secrecy, no child was allowed a wand until they arrived at Ilvermorny. Moreover, wands had to be left at Ilvermorny during vacations and only upon attaining seventeen years of age was the witch or wizard legally allowed to carry a wand outside school.
The robes of Ilvermorny are blue and cranberry. The colours honour Isolt and James: blue because it was Isolt's favourite colour and because she had wished to be in Ravenclaw house as a child; cranberry in honour of James's love of cranberry pie. All Ilvermorny students' robes are fastened by a gold Gordian Knot, in memory of the brooch Isolt found in the ruins of the original Ilvermorny cottage.
A number of Pukwudgies continue to work at the school into present day, all grumbling, all of them insisting that they have no wish to remain there and yet all of them mysteriously present year after year. There is one particularly aged creature who answers to the name of 'William'. He laughs at the idea that he is the original William who saved Isolt and James's lives, rightly pointing out that the first William would be over 300 years old had he survived. However, nobody has ever found out exactly how long Pukwudgies live. William refuses to let anybody else polish the marble statue of Isolt at the entrance of the school, and on the anniversary of her death every year he may be seen laying mayflowers on her tomb, something that puts him in a particularly bad temper if anyone is tactless enough to mention it.
Draco Malfoy grew up as an only child at Malfoy Manor, the magnificent mansion in Wiltshire which had been in his family's possession for many centuries. From the time when he could talk, it was made clear to him that he was triply special: firstly as a wizard, secondly as a pure-blood, and thirdly as a member of the Malfoy family.
Draco was raised in an atmosphere of regret that the Dark Lord had not succeeded in taking command of the wizarding community, although he was prudently reminded that such sentiments ought not to be expressed outside the small circle of the family and their close friends 'or Daddy might get into trouble'. In childhood, Draco associated mainly with the pure-blood children of his father's ex-Death Eater cronies, and therefore arrived at Hogwarts with a small gang of friends already made, including Theodore Nott and Vincent Crabbe.
Like every other child of Harry Potter's age, Draco heard stories of the Boy Who Lived through his youth. Many different theories had been in circulation for years as to how Harry survived what should have been a lethal attack, and one of the most persistent was that Harry himself was a great Dark wizard. The fact that he had been removed from the wizarding community seemed (to wishful thinkers) to support this view, and Draco's father, wily Lucius Malfoy, was one of those who subscribed most eagerly to the theory. It was comforting to think that he, Lucius, might be in for a second chance of world domination, should this Potter boy prove to be another, and greater, pure-blood champion. It was, therefore, in the knowledge that he was doing nothing of which his father would disapprove, and in the hope that he might be able to relay some interesting news home, that Draco Malfoy offered Harry Potter his hand when he realised who he was on the Hogwarts Express. Harry's refusal of Draco's friendly overtures, and the fact that he had already formed allegiance to Ron Weasley, whose family is anathema to the Malfoys, turns Malfoy against him at once. Draco realised, correctly, that the wild hopes of the ex-Death Eaters - that Harry Potter was another, and better, Voldemort - are completely unfounded, and their mutual enmity is assured from that point.
Much of Draco's behaviour at school was modelled on the most impressive person he knew - his father - and he faithfully copied Lucius's cold and contemptuous manner to everyone outside his inner circle. Having recruited a second henchman (Crabbe being already in position pre-Hogwarts) on the train to school, the less physically imposing Malfoy used Crabbe and Goyle as a combination of henchman and bodyguard throughout his six years of school life.
Draco's feelings for Harry were always based, in a great part, on envy. Though he never sought fame, Harry was unquestionably the most talked-about and admired person at school, and this naturally jarred with a boy who had been brought up to believe that he occupied an almost royal position within the wizarding community. What was more, Harry was most talented at flying, the one skill at which Malfoy had been confident he would outshine all the other first-years. The fact that the Potions master, Snape, had a soft spot for Malfoy, and despised Harry, was only slight compensation.
Draco resorted to many different dirty tactics in his perpetual quest to get under Harry's skin, or discredit him in the eyes of others including, but not limited to, telling lies about him to the press, manufacturing insulting badges to wear about him, attempting to curse him from behind, and dressing up as one of the Dementors (to which Harry had shown himself particularly vulnerable). However, Malfoy had his own moments of humiliation at Harry's hands, notably on the Quidditch pitch, and never forgot the shame of being turned into a bouncing ferret by a Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher.
While many people thought that Harry Potter, who had witnessed the Dark Lord's rebirth, was a liar or a fantasist, Draco Malfoy was one of the few who knew that Harry was telling the truth. His own father had felt his Dark Mark burn and had flown to rejoin the Dark Lord, witnessing Harry and Voldemort's graveyard duel.
The discussions of these events at Malfoy Manor gave rise to conflicting sensations in Draco Malfoy. On the one hand, he was thrilled by the secret knowledge that Voldemort had returned, and that what his father had always described as the family's glory days were back once more. On the other, the whispered discussions about the way that Harry had, again, evaded the Dark Lord's attempts to kill him, caused Draco further twinges of anger and envy. Much as the Death Eaters disliked Harry as an obstacle and as a symbol, he was discussed seriously as an adversary, whereas Draco was still relegated to the status of schoolboy by Death Eaters who met at his parents' house. Though they were on opposing sides of the gathering battle, Draco felt envious of Harry's status. He cheered himself up by imagining Voldemort's triumph, seeing his family honoured under a new regime, and he himself feted at Hogwarts as the important and impressive son of Voldemort's second-in-command.
School life took an upturn in Draco's fifth year. Although forbidden to discuss at Hogwarts what he had heard at home, Draco took pleasure in petty triumphs: he was a Prefect (and Harry was not) and Dolores Umbridge, the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, seemed to loathe Harry quite as much as he did. He became a member of Dolores Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad, and made it his business to try and discover what Harry and a gang of disparate students were up to, as they formed and trained, in secret, as the forbidden organisation, Dumbledore's Army. However, at the very moment of triumph, when Draco had cornered Harry and his comrades, and when it seemed that Harry must be expelled by Umbridge, Harry slipped through his fingers. Worse still, Harry managed to thwart Lucius Malfoy's attempt to kill him, and Draco's father was captured and sent to Azkaban.
Draco's world now fell apart. From having been, as he and his father had believed, on the cusp of authority and prestige such as they had never known before, his father was taken from the family home and imprisoned, far away, in the fearsome wizard prison guarded by Dementors. Lucius had been Draco's role model and hero since birth. Now he and his mother were pariahs among the Death Eaters; Lucius was a failure and discredited in the eyes of the furious Lord Voldemort.
Draco's existence had been cloistered and protected until this point; he had been a privileged boy with little to trouble him, assured of his status in the world and with his head full of petty concerns. Now, with his father gone and his mother distraught and afraid, he had to assume a man's responsibilities.
Worse was to come. Voldemort, seeking to punish Lucius Malfoy still further for the botched capture of Harry, demanded that Draco perform a task so difficult that he would almost certainly fail - and pay with his life. Draco was to murder Albus Dumbledore - how, Voldemort did not trouble to say. Draco was to be left to his own initiative and Narcissa guessed, correctly, that her son was being set up to fail by a wizard who was devoid of pity and could not tolerate failure.
Furious at the world that seemed suddenly to have turned on his father, Draco accepted full membership of the Death Eaters and agreed to perform the murder Voldemort ordered. At this early stage, full of the desire for revenge and to return his father to Voldemort's favour, Draco barely comprehended what he was being asked to do. All he knew was that Dumbledore represented everything his imprisoned father disliked; Draco managed, quite easily, to convince himself that he, too, thought the world would be a better place without the Hogwarts Headmaster, around whom opposition to Voldemort had always rallied.
In thrall to the idea of himself as a real Death Eater, Draco set off for Hogwarts with a burning sense of purpose. Gradually, however, as he found that his task was much more difficult than he had anticipated, and after he had come close to accidentally killing two other people instead of Dumbledore, Draco's nerve began to fail. With the threat of harm to his family and himself hanging over him, he began to crumble under the pressure. The ideas that Draco had about himself, and his place in the world, were disintegrating. All his life, he had idolised a father who advocated violence and was not afraid to use it himself, and now that his son discovered in himself a distaste for murder, he felt it to be a shameful failing. Even so, he could not free himself from his conditioning: he repeatedly refused the assistance of Severus Snape, because he was afraid that Snape would attempt to steal his 'glory'.
Voldemort and Snape underestimated Draco. He proved an adept at Occlumency (the magical art of repelling attempts to read the mind), which was essential for the undercover work he had undertaken. After two doomed attempts on Dumbledore's life, Draco succeeded in his ingenious plan to introduce a whole group of Death Eaters into Hogwarts, with the result that Dumbledore was, indeed, killed - though not by Draco's hand.
Even when faced with a weak and wandless Dumbledore, Draco found himself unable to deliver the coup de grâce because, in spite of himself, he was touched by Dumbledore's kindness and pity for his would-be killer. Snape subsequently covered for Draco, lying to Voldemort about Draco lowering his wand prior to his own arrival at the top of the Astronomy Tower; Snape emphasised Draco's skill in introducing the Death Eaters into the school, and cornering Dumbledore for him, Snape, to kill.
When Lucius was freed from Azkaban shortly afterwards, the family was allowed to return to Malfoy Manor with their lives. However, they were now completely discredited. From dreams of the highest status under Voldemort's new regime, the Malfoys found themselves the lowest in the ranks of the Death Eaters; weaklings and failures, to whom Voldemort was henceforth derisive and contemptuous.
Draco's changed, yet still conflicted, personality revealed itself in his actions during the remainder of the war between Voldemort and those who were trying to stop him. Although Draco had still not rid himself of the hope of returning the family to their former high position, his inconveniently awakened conscience led him to try - half-heartedly, perhaps, but arguably as best he could in the circumstances - to save Harry from Voldemort when the former was captured and dragged to Malfoy Manor. During the final battle at Hogwarts however, Malfoy made yet another attempt to capture Harry and thereby save his parents' prestige, and possibly their lives. Whether he could have brought himself to actually hand over Harry is a moot point; I suspect that, as with his attempted murder of Dumbledore, he would again have found the reality of bringing about another person's death much more difficult in practice than in theory.
Draco survived Voldemort's siege of Hogwarts because Harry and Ron saved his life. Following the battle, his father evaded prison by providing evidence against fellow Death Eaters, helping to ensure the capture of many of Lord Voldemort's followers who had fled into hiding.
The events of Draco's late teens forever changed his life. He had had the beliefs with which he had grown up challenged in the most frightening way: he had experienced terror and despair, seen his parents suffer for their allegiance, and had witnessed the crumbling of all that his family had believed in. People whom Draco had been raised, or else had learned, to hate, such as Dumbledore, had offered him help and kindness, and Harry Potter had given him his life. After the events of the second wizarding war, Lucius found his son as affectionate as ever, but refusing to follow the same old pure-blood line.
Draco married the younger sister of a fellow Slytherin. Astoria Greengrass, who had gone through a similar (though less violent and frightening) conversion from pure-blood ideals to a more tolerant life view, was felt by Narcissa and Lucius to be something of a disappointment as a daughter-in-law. They had had high hopes of a girl whose family featured on the 'Sacred Twenty-Eight', but as Astoria refused to raise their grandson Scorpius in the belief that Muggles were scum, family gatherings were often fraught with tension.
When the series begins, Draco is, in almost every way, the archetypal bully. With the unquestioning belief in his own superior status he has imbibed from his pure-blood parents, he initially offers Harry friendship on the assumption that the offer needs only to be made to be accepted. The wealth of his family stands in contrast to the poverty of the Weasleys; this too, is a source of pride to Draco, even though the Weasleys' blood credentials are identical to his own.
Everybody recognises Draco because everybody has known somebody like him. Such people's belief in their own superiority can be infuriating, laughable or intimidating, depending on the circumstances in which one meets them. Draco succeeds in provoking all of these feelings in Harry, Ron and Hermione at one time or another.
My British editor questioned the fact that Draco was so accomplished at Occlumency, which Harry (for all his ability in producing a Patronus so young) never mastered. I argued that it was perfectly consistent with Draco's character that he would find it easy to shut down emotion, to compartmentalise, and to deny essential parts of himself. Dumbledore tells Harry, at the end of Order of the Phoenix, that it is an essential part of his humanity that he can feel such pain; with Draco, I was attempting to show that the denial of pain and the suppression of inner conflict can only lead to a damaged person (who is much more likely to inflict damage on other people).
Draco never realises that he becomes, for the best part of a year, the true owner of the Elder Wand. It is as well that he does not, partly because the Dark Lord is skilled in Legilimency, and would have killed Draco in a heartbeat if he had had an inkling of the truth, but also because, his latent conscience notwithstanding, Draco remains prey to all the temptations that he has been taught to admire - violence and power among them.
I pity Draco, just as I feel sorry for Dudley. Being raised by either the Malfoys or the Dursleys would be a very damaging experience, and Draco undergoes dreadful trials as a direct result of his family's misguided principles. However, the Malfoys do have a saving grace: they love each other. Draco is motivated quite as much by fear of something happening to his parents as to himself, while Narcissa risks everything when she lies to Voldemort at the end of Deathly Hallows and tells him that Harry is dead, merely so that she can get to her son.
For all this, Draco remains a person of dubious morality in the seven published books, and I have often had cause to remark on how unnerved I have been by the number of girls who fell for this particular fictional character (although I do not discount the appeal of Tom Felton, who plays Draco brilliantly in the films and, ironically, is about the nicest person you could meet). Draco has all the dark glamour of the anti-hero; girls are very apt to romanticise such people. All of this left me in the unenviable position of pouring cold common sense on ardent readers' daydreams as I told them, rather severely, that Draco was not concealing a heart of gold under all that sneering and prejudice and that no, he and Harry were not destined to end up best friends.
I imagine that Draco grew up to lead a modified version of his father's existence; independently wealthy, without any need to work, Draco inhabits Malfoy Manor with his wife and son. I see in his hobbies further confirmation of his dual nature. The collection of Dark artefacts harks back to family history, even though he keeps them in glass cases and does not use them. However, his strange interest in alchemical manuscripts, from which he never attempts to make a Philosopher's Stone, hints at a wish for something other than wealth, perhaps even the wish to be a better man. I have high hopes that he will raise Scorpius to be a much kinder and more tolerant Malfoy than he was in his own youth.
Draco had many surnames before I settled on 'Malfoy'. At various times in the earliest drafts he is Smart, Spinks or Spungen. His Christian name comes from a constellation - the dragon - and yet his wand core is of unicorn.
This was symbolic. There is, after all - and at the risk of re-kindling unhealthy fantasies - some unextinguished good at the heart of Draco.
The following description of the powers and properties of various wand woods are taken from notes made, over a long career, by Mr Garrick Ollivander, widely considered the best wandmaker in the world. As will be seen, Mr Ollivander believes that wand wood has almost human powers of perception and preferences.
Mr Ollivander introduces his notes on wand woods thus:
Every single wand is unique and will depend for its character on the particular tree and magical creature from which it derives its materials. Moreover, each wand, from the moment it finds its ideal owner, will begin to learn from and teach its human partner. Therefore, the following must be seen as general notes on each of the wood types I like to work with best, and ought not to be taken to describe any individual wand.
Only a minority of trees can produce wand quality wood (just as a minority of humans can produce magic). It takes years of experience to tell which ones have the gift, although the job is made easier if Bowtruckles are found nesting in the leaves, as they never inhabit mundane trees. The following notes on various wand woods should be regarded very much as a starting point, for this is the study of a lifetime, and I continue to learn with every wand I make and match.
A very unusual wand wood, which I have found creates tricky wands that often refuse to produce magic for any but their owner, and also withhold their best effects from all but those most gifted. This sensitivity renders them difficult to place, and I keep only a small stock for those witches or wizards of sufficient subtlety, for acacia is not suited to what is commonly known as 'bangs-and-smells' magic. When well-matched, an acacia wand matches any for power, though it is often underrated due to the peculiarity of its temperament.
Alder is an unyielding wood, yet I have discovered that its ideal owner is not stubborn or obstinate, but often helpful, considerate and most likeable. Whereas most wand woods seek similarity in the characters of those they will best serve, alder is unusual in that it seems to desire a nature that is, if not precisely opposite to its own, then certainly of a markedly different type. When an alder wand is happily placed, it becomes a magnificent, loyal helpmate. Of all wand types, alder is best suited to non-verbal spell work, whence comes its reputation for being suitable only for the most advanced witches and wizards.
Applewood wands are not made in great numbers. They are powerful and best suited to an owner of high aims and ideals, as this wood mixes poorly with Dark magic. It is said that the possessor of an apple wand will be well-loved and long-lived, and I have often noticed that customers of great personal charm find their perfect match in an applewood wand. An unusual ability to converse with other magical beings in their native tongues is often found among apple wand owners, who include the celebrated author of Merpeople: A Comprehensive Guide to Their Language and Customs, Dylan Marwood.
The ash wand cleaves to its one true master and ought not to be passed on or gifted from the original owner, because it will lose power and skill. This tendency is extreme if the core is of unicorn. Old superstitions regarding wands rarely bear close examination, but I find that the old rhyme regarding rowan, chestnut, ash and hazel wands (rowan gossips, chestnut drones, ash is stubborn, hazel moans) contains a small nugget of truth. Those witches and wizards best suited to ash wands are not, in my experience, lightly swayed from their beliefs or purposes. However, the brash or over-confident witch or wizard, who often insists on trying wands of this prestigious wood, will be disappointed by its effects. The ideal owner may be stubborn, and will certainly be courageous, but never crass or arrogant.
Wand-quality aspen wood is white and fine-grained, and highly prized by all wand-makers for its stylish resemblance to ivory and its usually outstanding charmwork. The proper owner of the aspen wand is often an accomplished duellist, or destined to be so, for the aspen wand is one of those particularly suited to martial magic. An infamous and secretive eighteenth-century duelling club, which called itself The Silver Spears, was reputed to admit only those who owned aspen wands. In my experience, aspen wand owners are generally strong-minded and determined, more likely than most to be attracted by quests and new orders; this is a wand for revolutionaries.
The true match for a beech wand will be, if young, wise beyond his or her years, and if full-grown, rich in understanding and experience. Beech wands perform very weakly for the narrow-minded and intolerant. Such wizards and witches, having obtained a beech wand without having been suitably matched (yet coveting this most desirable, richly hued and highly prized wand wood), have often presented themselves at the homes of learned wandmakers such as myself, demanding to know the reason for their handsome wand's lack of power. When properly matched, the beech wand is capable of a subtlety and artistry rarely seen in any other wood, hence its lustrous reputation.
Blackthorn, which is a very unusual wand wood, has the reputation, in my view well-merited, of being best suited to a warrior. This does not necessarily mean that its owner practises the Dark Arts (although it is undeniable that those who do so will enjoy the blackthorn wand's prodigious power); one finds blackthorn wands among the Aurors as well as among the denizens of Azkaban. It is a curious feature of the blackthorn bush, which sports wicked thorns, that it produces its sweetest berries after the hardest frosts, and the wands made from this wood appear to need to pass through danger or hardship with their owners to become truly bonded. Given this condition, the blackthorn wand will become as loyal and faithful a servant as one could wish.
Less common than the standard walnut wand, that of black walnut seeks a master of good instincts and powerful insight. Black walnut is a very handsome wood, but not the easiest to master. It has one pronounced quirk, which is that it is abnormally attuned to inner conflict, and loses power dramatically if its possessor practises any form of self-deception. If the witch or wizard is unable or unwilling to be honest with themselves or others, the wand often fails to perform adequately and must be matched with a new owner if it is to regain its former prowess. Paired with a sincere, self-aware owner, however, it becomes one of the most loyal and impressive wands of all, with a particular flair in all kinds of charmwork.
Whenever I meet one who carries a cedar wand, I find strength of character and unusual loyalty. My father, Gervaise Ollivander, used always to say, 'you will never fool the cedar carrier,' and I agree: the cedar wand finds its perfect home where there is perspicacity and perception. I would go further than my father, however, in saying that I have never yet met the owner of a cedar wand whom I would care to cross, especially if harm is done to those of whom they are fond. The witch or wizard who is well-matched with cedar carries the potential to be a frightening adversary, which often comes as a shock to those who have thoughtlessly challenged them.
This very rare wand wood creates a wand of strange power, most highly prized by the wizarding students of the school of Mahoutokoro in Japan, where those who own cherry wands have special prestige. The Western wand-purchaser should dispel from their minds any notion that the pink blossom of the living tree makes for a frivolous or merely ornamental wand, for cherry wood often makes a wand that possesses truly lethal power, whatever the core, but if teamed with dragon heartstring, the wand ought never to be teamed with a wizard without exceptional self-control and strength of mind.
This is a most curious, multi-faceted wood, which varies greatly in its character depending on the wand core, and takes a great deal of colour from the personality that possesses it. The wand of chestnut is attracted to witches and wizards who are skilled tamers of magical beasts, those who possess great gifts in Herbology, and those who are natural fliers. However, when paired with dragon heartstring, it may find its best match among those who are overfond of luxury and material things, and less scrupulous than they should be about how they are obtained. Conversely, three successive heads of the Wizengamot have possessed chestnut and unicorn wands, for this combination shows a predilection for those concerned with all manner of justice.
Cypress wands are associated with nobility. The great medieval wandmaker, Geraint Ollivander, wrote that he was always honoured to match a cypress wand, for he knew he was meeting a witch or wizard who would die a heroic death. Fortunately, in these less blood-thirsty times, the possessors of cypress wands are rarely called upon to lay down their lives, though doubtless many of them would do so if required. Wands of cypress find their soul mates among the brave, the bold and the self-sacrificing: those who are unafraid to confront the shadows in their own and others' natures.
Dogwood is one of my own personal favourites, and I have found that matching a dogwood wand with its ideal owner is always entertaining. Dogwood wands are quirky and mischievous; they have playful natures and insist upon partners who can provide them with scope for excitement and fun. It would be quite wrong, however, to deduce from this that dogwood wands are not capable of serious magic when called upon to do so; they have been known to perform outstanding spells under difficult conditions, and when paired with a suitably clever and ingenious witch or wizard, can produce dazzling enchantments. An interesting foible of many dogwood wands is that they refuse to perform non-verbal spells and they are often rather noisy.
This jet-black wand wood has an impressive appearance and reputation, being highly suited to all manner of combative magic, and to Transfiguration. Ebony is happiest in the hand of those with the courage to be themselves. Frequently non-conformist, highly individual or comfortable with the status of outsider, ebony wand owners have been found both among the ranks of the Order of the Phoenix and among the Death Eaters. In my experience the ebony wand's perfect match is one who will hold fast to his or her beliefs, no matter what the external pressure, and will not be swayed lightly from their purpose.
The rarest wand wood of all, and reputed to be deeply unlucky, the elder wand is trickier to master than any other. It contains powerful magic, but scorns to remain with any owner who is not the superior of his or her company; it takes a remarkable wizard to keep the elder wand for any length of time. The old superstition, 'wand of elder, never prosper,' has its basis in this fear of the wand, but in fact, the superstition is baseless, and those foolish wandmakers who refuse to work with elder do so more because they doubt they will be able to sell their products than from fear of working with this wood. The truth is that only a highly unusual person will find their perfect match in elder, and on the rare occasion when such a pairing occurs, I take it as certain that the witch or wizard in question is marked out for a special destiny. An additional fact that I have unearthed during my long years of study is that the owners of elder wands almost always feel a powerful affinity with those chosen by rowan.
The unfounded belief that only pure-bloods can produce magic from elm wands was undoubtedly started by some elm wand owner seeking to prove his own blood credentials, for I have known perfect matches of elm wands who are Muggle-borns. The truth is that elm wands prefer owners with presence, magical dexterity and a certain native dignity. Of all wand woods, elm, in my experience, produces the fewest accidents, the least foolish errors, and the most elegant charms and spells; these are sophisticated wands, capable of highly advanced magic in the right hands (which, again, makes it highly desirable to those who espouse the pure-blood philosophy).
A wand for good times and bad, this is a friend as loyal as the wizard who deserves it. Wands of English oak demand partners of strength, courage and fidelity. Less well-known is the propensity for owners of English oak wands to have powerful intuition, and, often, an affinity with the magic of the natural world, with the creatures and plants that are necessary to wizardkind for both magic and pleasure. The oak tree is called King of the Forest from the winter solstice up until the summer solstice, and its wood should only be collected during that time (holly becomes King as the days begin to shorten again, and so holly should only be gathered as the year wanes. This divide is believed to be the origin of the old superstition, 'When his wand's oak and hers is holly, then to marry would be folly,' a superstition that I have found baseless). It is said that Merlin's wand was of English oak (though his grave has never been found, so this cannot be proven).
My august grandfather, Gerbold Octavius Ollivander, always called wands of this wood 'the survivor's wand', because he had sold it to three wizards who subsequently passed through mortal peril unscathed. There is no doubt that this wood, coming as it does from the most resilient of trees, produces wands that demand staying power and strength of purpose in their true owners, and that they are poor tools in the hands of the changeable and indecisive. Fir wands are particularly suited to Transfiguration, and favour owners of focused, strong-minded and, occasionally, intimidating demeanour.
The wandmaker Gregorovitch wrote that hawthorn 'makes a strange, contradictory wand, as full of paradoxes as the tree that gave it birth, whose leaves and blossoms heal, and yet whose cut branches smell of death.' While I disagree with many of Gregorovitch's conclusions, we concur about hawthorn wands, which are complex and intriguing in their natures, just like the owners who best suit them. Hawthorn wands may be particularly suited to healing magic, but they are also adept at curses, and I have generally observed that the hawthorn wand seems most at home with a conflicted nature, or with a witch or wizard passing through a period of turmoil. Hawthorn is not easy to master, however, and I would only ever consider placing a hawthorn wand in the hands of a witch or wizard of proven talent, or the consequences might be dangerous. Hawthorn wands have a notable peculiarity: their spells can, when badly handled, backfire.
A sensitive wand, hazel often reflects its owner's emotional state, and works best for a master who understands and can manage their own feelings. Others should be very careful handling a hazel wand if its owner has recently lost their temper, or suffered a serious disappointment, because the wand will absorb such energy and discharge it unpredictably. The positive aspect of a hazel wand more than makes up for such minor discomforts, however, for it is capable of outstanding magic in the hands of the skillful, and is so devoted to its owner that it often 'wilts' (which is to say, it expels all its magic and refuses to perform, often necessitating the extraction of the core and its insertion into another casing, if the wand is still required) at the end of its master's life (if the core is unicorn hair, however, there is no hope; the wand will almost certainly have 'died'). Hazel wands also have the unique ability to detect water underground, and will emit silvery, tear-shaped puffs of smoke if passing over concealed springs and wells.
Holly is one of the rarer kinds of wand woods; traditionally considered protective, it works most happily for those who may need help overcoming a tendency to anger and impetuosity. At the same time, holly wands often choose owners who are engaged in some dangerous and often spiritual quest. Holly is one of those woods that varies most dramatically in performance depending on the wand core, and it is a notoriously difficult wood to team with phoenix feather, as the wood's volatility conflicts strangely with the phoenix's detachment. In the unusual event of such a pairing finding its ideal match, however, nothing and nobody should stand in their way.
My own wand is made of hornbeam, and so it is with all due modesty that I state that hornbeam selects for its life mate the talented witch or wizard with a single, pure passion, which some might call obsession (though I prefer the term 'vision'), which will almost always be realised. Hornbeam wands adapt more quickly than almost any other to their owner's style of magic, and will become so personalised, so quickly, that other people will find them extremely difficult to use even for the most simple of spells. Hornbeam wands likewise absorb their owner's code of honour, whatever that might be, and will refuse to perform acts - whether for good or ill - that do not tally with their master's principles. A particularly fine-tuned and sentient wand.
Strong, durable and warm in colour, larch has long been valued as an attractive and powerful wand wood. Its reputation for instilling courage and confidence in the user has ensured that demand has always outstripped supply. This much sought-after wand is, however, hard to please in the matter of ideal owners, and trickier to handle than many imagine. I find that it always creates wands of hidden talents and unexpected effects, which likewise describes the master who deserves it. It is often the case that the witch or wizard who belongs to the larch wand may never realise the full extent of their considerable talents until paired with it, but that they will then make an exceptional match.
It is said that a laurel wand cannot perform a dishonourable act, although in the quest for glory (a not uncommon goal for those best suited to these wands), I have known laurel wands perform powerful and sometimes lethal magic. Laurel wands are sometimes called fickle, but this is unfair. The laurel wand seems unable to tolerate laziness in a possessor, and it is in such conditions that it is most easily and willingly won away. Otherwise, it will cleave happily to its first match forever, and indeed has the unusual and engaging attribute of issuing a spontaneous lightning strike if another witch or wizard attempts to steal it.
I have often found that those chosen by maple wands are by nature travellers and explorers; they are not stay-at-home wands, and prefer ambition in their witch or wizard, otherwise their magic grows heavy and lacklustre. Fresh challenges and regular changes of scene cause this wand to literally shine, burnishing itself as it grows, with its partner, in ability and status. This is a beautiful and desirable wood, and wand quality maple has been among the most costly for centuries. Possession of a maple wand has long been a mark of status, because of its reputation as the wand of high achievers.
This golden-toned wood produces wands of splendid magical powers, which give of their best in the hands of the warm-hearted, the generous and the wise. Possessors of pear wands are, in my experience, usually popular and well-respected. I do not know of a single instance where a pear wand has been discovered in the possession of a Dark witch or wizard. Pear wands are among the most resilient, and I have often observed that they may still present a remarkable appearance of newness, even after many years of hard use.
The straight-grained pine wand always chooses an independent, individual master who may be perceived as a loner, intriguing and perhaps mysterious. Pine wands enjoy being used creatively, and unlike some others, will adapt unprotestingly to new methods and spells. Many wandmakers insist that pine wands are able to detect, and perform best for, owners who are destined for long lives, and I can confirm this in as much as I have never personally known the master of a pine wand to die young. The pine wand is one of those that is most sensitive to non-verbal magic.
'If you seek integrity, search first among the poplars,' was a great maxim of my grandfather, Gerbold Ollivander, and my own experience of poplar wands and their owners tallies exactly with his. Here is a wand to rely upon, of consistency, strength and uniform power, always happiest when working with a witch or wizard of clear moral vision. There is a tired old joke among lesser wandmakers that no poplar wand has ever chosen a politician, but here they show their lamentable ignorance: two of the Ministry's most accomplished Ministers for Magic, Eldritch Diggory and Evangeline Orpington, were the possessors of fine, Ollivander-made poplar wands.
You will often hear the ignorant say that red oak is an infallible sign of its owner's hot temper. In fact, the true match for a red oak wand is possessed of unusually fast reactions, making it a perfect duelling wand. Less common than English oak, I have found that its ideal master is light of touch, quick-witted and adaptable, often the creator of distinctive, trademark spells, and a good man or woman to have beside one in a fight. Red oak wands are, in my opinion, among the most handsome.
Wand-quality redwood is in short supply, yet constant demand, due to its reputation for bringing good fortune to its owner. As is usually the case with wandlore, the general populace have the truth back to front: redwood wands are not themselves lucky, but are strongly attracted to witches and wizards who already possess the admirable ability to fall on their feet, to make the right choice, to snatch advantage from catastrophe. The combination of such a witch or wizard with a redwood wand is always intriguing, and I generally expect to hear of exciting exploits when I send this special pairing out from my workshop.
Rowan wood has always been much-favoured for wands, because it is reputed to be more protective than any other, and in my experience renders all manner of defensive charms especially strong and difficult to break. It is commonly stated that no dark witch or wizard ever owned a rowan wand, and I cannot recall a single instance where one of my own rowan wands has gone on to do evil in the world. Rowan is most happily placed with the clear-headed and the pure-hearted, but this reputation for virtue ought not to fool anyone - these wands are the equal of any, often the better, and frequently out-perform others in duels.
This unusual and highly attractive wand wood was greatly in vogue in the nineteenth century. Demand outstripped supply, and unscrupulous wandmakers dyed substandard woods in an effort to fool purchasers into believing that they had purchased silver lime. The reasons for these wands' desirability lay not only in their unusually handsome appearance, but also because they had a reputation for performing best for Seers and those skilled in Legilimency, mysterious arts both, which consequently gave the possessor of a silver lime wand considerable status. When demand was at its height, wandmaker Arturo Cephalopos claimed that the association between silver lime and clairvoyance was 'a falsehood circulated by merchants like Gerbold Ollivander (my own grandfather), who have overstocked their workshops with silver lime and hope to shift their surplus'. But Cephalopos was a slipshod wandmaker and an ignoramus, and nobody, Seer or not, was surprised when he went out of business.
Unskilled wandmakers call spruce a difficult wood, but in doing so they reveal their own ineptitude. It is quite true that it requires particular deftness to work with spruce, which produces wands that are ill-matched with cautious or nervous natures, and become positively dangerous in fumbling fingers. The spruce wand requires a firm hand, because it often appears to have its own ideas about what magic it ought to be called upon to produce. However, when a spruce wand meets its match - which, in my experience, is a bold spell-caster with a good sense of humour - it becomes a superb helper, intensely loyal to their owners and capable of producing particularly flamboyant and dramatic effects.
The sycamore makes a questing wand, eager for new experience and losing brilliance if engaged in mundane activities. It is a quirk of these handsome wands that they may combust if allowed to become 'bored', and many witches and wizards, settling down into middle age, are disconcerted to find their trusty wand bursting into flame in their hand as they ask it, one more time, to fetch their slippers. As may be deduced, the sycamore's ideal owner is curious, vital and adventurous, and when paired with such an owner, it demonstrates a capacity to learn and adapt that earns it a rightful place among the world's most highly-prized wand woods.
The druids considered anything with a woody stem as a tree, and vine makes wands of such a special nature that I have been happy to continue their ancient tradition. Vine wands are among the less common types, and I have been intrigued to notice that their owners are nearly always those witches or wizards who seek a greater purpose, who have a vision beyond the ordinary and who frequently astound those who think they know them best. Vine wands seem strongly attracted by personalities with hidden depths, and I have found them more sensitive than any other when it comes to instantly detecting a prospective match. Reliable sources claim that these wands can emit magical effects upon the mere entrance into their room of a suitable owner, and I have twice observed the phenomenon in my own shop.
Highly intelligent witches and wizards ought to be offered a walnut wand for trial first, because in nine cases out of ten, the two will find in each other their ideal mate. Walnut wands are often found in the hands of magical innovators and inventors; this is a handsome wood possessed of unusual versatility and adaptability. A note of caution, however: while some woods are difficult to dominate, and may resist the performance of spells that are foreign to their natures, the walnut wand will, once subjugated, perform any task its owner desires, provided that the user is of sufficient brilliance. This makes for a truly lethal weapon in the hands of a witch or wizard of no conscience, for the wand and the wizard may feed from each other in a particularly unhealthy manner.
Willow is an uncommon wand wood with healing power, and I have noted that the ideal owner for a willow wand often has some (usually unwarranted) insecurity, however well they may try and hide it. While many confident customers insist on trying a willow wand (attracted by their handsome appearance and well-founded reputation for enabling advanced, non-verbal magic) my willow wands have consistently selected those of greatest potential, rather than those who feel they have little to learn. It has always been a proverb in my family that he who has furthest to travel will go fastest with willow.
Yew wands are among the rarer kinds, and their ideal matches are likewise unusual, and occasionally notorious. The wand of yew is reputed to endow its possessor with the power of life and death, which might, of course, be said of all wands; and yet yew retains a particularly dark and fearsome reputation in the spheres of duelling and all curses. However, it is untrue to say (as those unlearned in wandlore often do) that those who use yew wands are more likely to be attracted to the Dark Arts than another. The witch or wizard best suited to a yew wand might equally prove a fierce protector of others. Wands hewn from these most long-lived trees have been found in the possession of heroes quite as often as of villains. Where wizards have been buried with wands of yew, the wand generally sprouts into a tree guarding the dead owner's grave. What is certain, in my experience, is that the yew wand never chooses either a mediocre or a timid owner.
The sword of Gryffindor was made a thousand years ago by goblins, the magical world's most skilled metalworkers, and is therefore enchanted. Fashioned from pure silver, it is inset with rubies, the stone that represents Gryffindor in the hour-glasses that count the house points at Hogwarts. Godric Gryffindor's name is engraved just beneath the hilt.
The sword was made to Godric Gryffindor's specifications by Ragnuk the First, finest of the goblin silversmiths, and therefore King (in goblin culture, the ruler does not work less than the others, but more skillfully). When it was finished, Ragnuk coveted it so much that he pretended that Gryffindor had stolen it from him, and sent minions to steal it back. Gryffindor defended himself with his wand, but did not kill his attackers. Instead he sent them back to their king bewitched, to deliver the threat that if he ever tried to steal from Gryffindor again, Gryffindor would unsheathe the sword against them all.
The goblin king took the threat seriously and left Gryffindor in possession of his rightful property, but remained resentful until he died. This was the foundation for the false legend of Gryffindor's theft that persists, in some sections of the goblin community, to this day.
The question of why a wizard would need a sword, though often asked, is easily answered. In the days before the International Statute of Secrecy, when wizards mingled freely with Muggles, they would use swords to defend themselves just as often as wands. Indeed, it was considered unsporting to use a wand against a Muggle sword (which is not to say it was never done). Many gifted wizards were also accomplished duellists in the conventional sense, Gryffindor among them.
There have been many enchanted swords in folklore. The Sword of Nuadu, part of the four legendary treasures of Tuatha Dé Danann, was invincible when drawn. Gryffindor's sword owes something to the legend of Excalibur, the sword of King Arthur, which in some legends must be drawn from a stone by the rightful king. The idea of fitness to carry the sword is echoed in the sword of Gryffindor's return to worthy members of its true owner's house.
There is a further allusion to Excalibur emerging from the lake when Harry must dive into a frozen forest pool to retrieve the sword in Deathly Hallows (though the location of the sword was really due to a spiteful impulse of Snape's to place it there), for in other versions of the legend, Excalibur was given to Arthur by the Lady of the Lake, and was returned to the lake when he died.
Within the magical world, physical possession is not necessarily a guarantee of ownership. This concept applies to the three Deathly Hallows, and also to Gryffindor's sword.
I am interested in what happens when cultural beliefs collide. In the Harry Potter books, the most militant of the goblin race consider all goblin-made objects to be theirs by right, although a specific object might be made over to a wizard for his life-span upon a payment of gold. Witches and wizards, like Muggles, believe that once payment has been made, the object belongs to them and their descendants or legatees in perpetuity. This is a clash of values without a solution, because each side has a different concept of what is right. It therefore presents Harry with a difficult moral dilemma when Griphook demands the sword as payment for his services in Deathly Hallows.
Psst, if you haven't seen Cursed Child or read the screenplay - beware that spoilers lie ahead here.
Harry, Ron and Draco all became fathers in their later years, with Harry fathering three children with Ginny, Ron and Hermione having two, and Draco with one. These three core characters all grew up with very different father relationships themselves, so how did they all develop their relationships with their own offspring? Let's take a look.
Of course, Harry grew up with no father - having lost James Potter when he was only a baby. And Uncle Vernon didn't fill any such surrogate father role... That angry, mustachio'd red face hardly gave Harry any paternal advice. Throughout the years since he learnt he was a wizard, though, Harry created his own Hogwarts family with his friends and mentors - and eventually discovered a godfather in the shape of Sirius Black - even if he only had him for a tragically short time. Then there were his teachers; people like Albus Dumbledore and Remus Lupin, figures that became like fathers for Harry, guiding him with wisdom as he grew up. With both knowing Harry's father too, these characters helped Harry fill in the gap that Voldemort had left when he killed his parents.
As a father himself, it's understandable that Harry was on uneasy footing from time to time with his own children. Although he did seem kind and nurturing for the most part, Cursed Child explored his relationship with his middle son, Albus Severus, so named after the two professors who inspired Harry with their bravery. Despite Albus bearing a name of such weight and significance, Harry had trouble connecting with him - especially after he was sorted into Slytherin. While Albus struggled with his Hogwarts house and identity, he began acting out against his family and became a loner at school. Harry simply couldn't relate - and in one poignant scene, Harry's temper (that we remember all too well from his own teenage years) returned.
You wish me dead?
No! I just wish you weren't my dad.
Well, there are times I wish you weren't my son.
No, I didn't mean that . . .
Harry wrongly tried to compare Albus's experience to his own childhood - and lost a sense of empathy when Albus tried to explain that he wasn't popular at Hogwarts and didn't live up to Harry's legacy. In fact - it was weighing him down. So, it goes to show that being famous adds a whole new challenge to being a parent, but Harry finally began to understand his son's struggles by the end of the play - admitting he'd been ‘operating without wires', and Albus had been living at Hogwarts as ‘Harry Potter's Slytherin son' - marred with unfair expectations.
I know. But the thing that scares me most, Albus Severus Potter, is being a dad to you. Because I'm operating without wires here. Most people at least have a dad to base themselves on - and either try to be or try not to be. I've got nothing - or very little. So I'm learning, okay? And I'm going to try with everything I've got - to be a good dad for you.
The phrase ‘chip off the old block' definitely doesn't feel relevant for Draco and Scorpius - who seemed to have entirely different sensibilities from each other. While Draco spent his student days being cruel to Harry, scheming with Crabbe and Goyle, and relying on his own influential father Lucius whenever he needed a step up at school - Scorpius championed geekiness, books and kindness. While still being sorted into Slytherin like his dad, and rocking a very similar blond hairstyle, the similarities between the two seem to be external rather than internal. And when Scorpius makes friends with Harry Potter's son, Draco is initially livid that his own son has sided with his former enemy.
When Scorpius loses his mother, and Draco loses his wife Astoria, the pair seem to drift even further apart.
Much like Harry and Albus, it took a couple of near-death experiences and the disruption of the entire wizarding world timeline for Draco to be able to truly see his son for what he was. And through it all, Draco began to soften - even starting to get excited by farmers' markets - and if that isn't a classic dad trait, what is?
And then there was Ron Weasley - who definitely wasn't our dictionary definition of ‘mature' during his Hogwarts days, but as a dad, grew up to apply his sense of boyish humour to amuse his family. Also, working in a joke shop certainly helped. As such, Ron slipped perfectly into the role of fun uncle, often entertaining his best friend's kids as well as his own.
Ron's banter with the kids reminds us of the warmth of his own dad, Arthur, who had a similar, youthful connection with his brood. Never forget the time he got excited about Ron and the twins flying his Ford Anglia, and joyfully asked them how the experience went rather than telling them off, much to Molly's disdain. In the future, Ron and Hermione's parenting partnership is not too dissimilar from Molly and Arthur's.
While Harry and Draco really struggled with learning to bond with their respective sons, Ron's boundless energy as a dad seemed to come so naturally to him. Funny, seeing as a young Hogwarts student, Ron often grappled with jealousy and living in the shadow of others - now, with kids of his own who look up to him, he thrived.



