Place the melon pieces into a deep bowl. Using your fingers, crush them so that they are no longer regular in shape and start to leak out their wonderful juice, but do not let them become mushy.
Add the coconut milk and sugar and mix well. The colour should be a beautiful pale peach.
Stir in the pomegranate seeds and chill in the fridge until ready to serve.
To serve, place a tablespoon of crushed ice in the bottom of each of six serving bowls and top with the rasayana. Sprinkle over the flaked almonds.
Toast the oats in a frying pan, being careful not to burn them.
Lightly whip the cream until it reaches the soft peak stage, then fold in the whisky, honey, oatmeal and raspberries.
Serve in dessert glasses garnished with a few raspberries and mint.
Place all the ingredients in a cocktail shaker with a handful of ice and shake hard.
Strain the cocktail into a coupette glass and garnish with the crumbled biscuit.
Arrange the peach slices into the bottom of a large serving dish. Sprinkle over the lavender heads and add the strips of lemon rind.
Pour over enough dessert wine to cover the peaches. Turn the peach slices over a couple of times to coat them in the liquid, then cover the dish and chill the mixture in the fridge for at least four hours, or preferably overnight.
To serve, spoon a portion of peaches in Sauternes into each of six serving bowls. Serve with a dollop of crème fraîche, if using.
Place the saffron into a cup with the milk and leave it to soak for a couple of minutes
Whisk together the yoghurt (or crème fraîche), cream, honey and nutmeg in a separate bowl.
Gently stir the milk and saffron into the yoghurt mixture.
To serve, dip the strawberries into the shrikhand. 
Place 55g/2oz of the steak into a food processor along with the mushrooms, garlic and cream and pulse to a smooth paste.
Roll out the pastry until it is large enough to wrap the remaining piece of steak, and spread half of the steak and mushroom mixture over.
Brush the rest of the steak with the olive oil and sear in a hot chargrill pan for 1-2 minutes on both sides, or until golden-brown. Place onto the pastry and spread the remaining steak and mushroom mixture over the meat.
Bring one end of the pastry over the meat to cover and seal the ends. Brush the pastry parcel all over with the beaten egg and place onto a baking sheet.
Bake the parcel in the oven for 12-15 minutes, or until the pastry is golden-brown and crisp.
Serve the beef Wellington in slices.
For the lamb, sear in a casserole dish in the olive oil until well browned.
Remove and add the onion and garlic and tomatoes.
Cook for a minute or two and add the lamb.
Add the stock, red wine, bay leaves and olives and thyme.
Cover and cook in the oven at 180/350/Gas 4 for two hours. The lamb should be almost falling off the bone.
Meanwhile, fry the carrot, onion and celery with the olive oil for a few moments then add the chicken stock and tomatoes, bay leaves and lentils.
Simmer until the liquid has gone and the lentils are tender. Add a splash more oil and the lemon juice.
Take the lamb out, reduce the stock for a moment and flake off some big chunks of lamb.
Place a pile of lentils in a rustic dish and pile the lamb on top. Spoon the sauce around and over and serve.
For the chicken breast, preheat the oven to 110C/225F/Gas ¼.
Brush the chicken breast with the clarified butter, then rub on the Dijon mustard and dust evenly with the five spice. Place chicken breast on a baking tray and cook for 15 minutes, then remove from the oven and leave to cool.
Once cool, slice lengthways on a meat slicer, or cut into thin strips by hand, to make long thin slices. Lay the slices overlapping onto a sheet of baking parchment.
For the buckwheat salad, in a bowl mix the tomatoes, parsley, buckwheat and shallot. Season with salt and pepper and add lemon juice to taste. Stir in the mascarpone.
Put the mixture in a pan and warm when ready to serve.
For the chicken leg, preheat a pan on the hob. Season the leg with salt and pepper, then add it to the pan and cook for four minutes. Turn the leg over and add the butter, garlic and thyme and baste the leg until fully cooked. Allow to rest for five minutes before serving.
To prepare the garnish, in a pan melt the butter with a tablespoon of water and gently fry the Little Gem, mushrooms and radishes until soft.
Meanwhile, spoon the warm buckwheat salad mix onto the sliced chicken breast and carefully roll into a tube, like cannelloni, using the baking parchment to help you.
To serve, remove the buckwheat and chicken roll from the paper, cut into two and place half on each serving plate. Cut the chicken leg in half and place some on each plate. Place the mushrooms and radishes next to the chicken and lay the baby gem over the leg. Finish with chicken sauce and crushed cobnuts.
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.
Season the pork fillet with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Heat an oven-proof frying pan until hot, add the oil then the pork fillet, and sear until golden-brown on all sides, about 30-45 seconds on each side.
Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for 6-8 minutes. Remove from the oven and rest for five minutes in the pan.
Meanwhile, heat a steamer until the water is simmering. Add the pak choi, cover and steam for 3-4 minutes until the pak choi is tender.
Dress the pak choi with a little sesame oil, salt and black pepper.
For the patties, prepare a shallow tray lined with cling film. In a large bowl mix together the pork mince, fish sauce, ginger, garlic, coriander leaves and lime juice until well combined. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Press the mixture into a cling film-lined shallow tray to the depth of about 1.5cm/½in. Smooth over so the mince is totally flat. Place in the fridge to chill for one hour then remove and cut into 5cm/2in squares.
Heat a deep fat fryer to 190C/375F. Alternatively, heat vegetable oil in a deep-sided, heavy-based saucepan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns brown when dropped into it. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave unattended.)
Get three bowls, and put the flour into one, beaten egg in another, and breadcrumbs in the third.
Dredge each pattie first in the flour, then dip it in the beaten egg, then roll it in the breadcrumbs until completely coated.
Carefully lower the spiced pork patties into the hot oil and fry for 3-4 minutes, or until crisp and golden-brown and completely cooked through. Remove from the pan using a slotted spoon and set aside to drain on kitchen paper. Keep warm until needed.
For the chilli jam, blend all the chilli jam ingredients, except the sugar and crème fraîche, in a food processor to a smooth purée.
Heat the sugar in a heavy-based saucepan over a low to medium heat until it melts and forms a golden-brown caramel. Do not stir and keep an eye on it so that it doesn’t burn.
Once the sugar has caramelised, pour in the puréed chilli jam mixture and stir well. Bring the mixture to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 4-5 minutes, or until sticky and jam-like. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly.
To serve, carve the pork fillet into thick slices then divide amongst the plates. Place the pork patties alongside with the pak choi. Finally, spoon the chilli jam over and finish with a quenelle of crème fraiche.
Dry roast the whole spices until lightly coloured and set aside to cool. Grind finely and stir in the chilli and nutmeg. It can be stored for up to 2-3 months in an airtight jar.
Cut the fish into bite-sized pieces, season with salt and pepper, and set aside.
Heat the oil in a heavy pan and fry the onion until golden. Stir in the massalé and turmeric and lightly fry. Add the pieces of fish, and all the other ingredients. Bring to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes until the fish is ready.
Serve with rice.
For the beetroot meringues, preheat the oven to 65C/150F/Gas ¼ and line two baking trays with silicone mats.
Place the egg whites in a large food processor with a whisk attachment and whisk until stiff peaks are formed when the whisk is removed.
With the motor running, gradually add the sugar until you have a glossy meringue. Slowly add the beetroot juice a tablespoon at a time until you have an even, rich pink colour.
Spoon half the meringue into a piping bag fitted with a small, plain nozzle and spread the other half very thinly over a silicone lined baking tray using a palette knife. Pipe tiny meringues onto the other silicone lined baking tray. Bake in the oven for 3 hours then set aside to cool.
For the pickled beetroot, place the beetroots in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to the boil, then simmer for 40-50 minutes, or until the beetroots are tender. Set aside to cool.
Once the beetroots are cool enough to handle, peel and cut them into quarters. Set aside.
Place the sugar, rice wine vinegar and salt in a saucepan and bring to the boil. Remove from the heat, add the cooked beetroots and sliced shallot and set aside until needed.
For the beetroot purée, place the beetroot juice in a pan and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add the xantham gum and the heat the pan gently, whisking until thick, then set aside.
To serve, use a pastry brush to brush the purée onto plates. Dot the piped meringues, shards of meringue, cream cheese, baby mozzarella, pickled beetroot and shallot pieces around the plate. Garnish with watercress, chervil and baby sorrel leaves.
Mix the leaves and rocket in a large serving bowl. Top with chunks of fig or white peach, torn pieces of ham, shavings of Parmesan, chunks of gorgonzola and tomato wedges.
Sprinkle on the capers, basil leaves and pine nuts. Drizzle with olive oil and balsamic vinegar before tossing well and serving.
For the rosemary croûtons, preheat the oven to its lowest setting.
Place the sliced bread on a baking sheet and drizzle over the oil and sprinkle over the rosemary. Place in the oven for 1-3 hours, or until golden-brown and crisp.
For the spicy pecans, preheat the oven to 160C/325F/Gas 3
In a large ovenproof frying pan, melt the butter with the sugar to make a caramel. Add the cayenne pepper then fold in the pecans. Gently fold in the whisked egg whites until all the nuts are coated.
Transfer the pan to the oven and cook for 25 minutes, stirring two or three times, or until the nuts are crunchy.
For the chicken Caesar salad, in a large pan add the chicken, carrot, celery, onion, thyme, rosemary, garlic and enough water to cover the chicken. Bring to a simmer on the hob and cook on a medium heat for 50 minutes to an hour.
Leave to cool in the liquid. Once cool enough to handle, tear the meat from the carcass and set aside.
To make the dressing preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6. Place the whole bulb of garlic in aluminium foil with a sprig of rosemary and cover. Place in the oven for 15-20 minutes.
Place the egg yolks, mustard and white wine vinegar in a food processor and blend. Gradually add the rapeseed oil until you have a smooth mayonnaise then season with salt and pepper.
For the crunchy grapes, crush together the seeds, wasabi peas, puffed rice cereal and pistachios. Put the sugar in a hot pan and when it dissolves, add the fresh grapes and the seed mixture. Stir it quickly to coat the grapes then set aside.
To finish the dressing, in a bowl add the buttermilk, crème fraiche, honey and cooked garlic pulp. Whisk in a little oil and add the mayonnaise.
To serve, in a large glass bowl add the Cos and baby gem lettuce, spicy pecans, crunchy grapes, croûtons, chicken and mix.
Pour over the dressing and toss to coat.
Cook the beans in a pan of salted, boiling water for 2-3 minutes, or until tender. Drain well, then refresh in cold water and peel away the outer membranes.
Cook the carrots in a pan of boiling water for 3-4 minutes, or until just tender. Drain well, then refresh in cold water.
Place the cooked beans and carrots, the radishes, peas, mint leaves, lemon balm leaves (if using), chives, chopped parsley and lettuce leaves, into a bowl and mix well to combine. Set aside.
For the vinaigrette, whisk together the white wine vinegar, mustard, sugar and salt in a bowl until smooth and well combined. Gradually whisk in the sunflower oil and olive oil until the mixture has thickened and is glossy. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
To serve, drizzle the vinaigrette over the summer salad and mix well to coat the leaves. Divide equally among four serving plates.
Cook the green beans in a pan of boiling water for 4 minutes. Plunge them into a bowl of very cold water.
Cook the eggs in a pan of boiling water for 8 minutes. Drain in a sieve under cold running water until cold. Peel and cut the eggs into quarters.
For the dressing, whisk the oil, vinegar and mustard in a large bowl until thick. Season with black pepper.
Add the green beans, mixed beans, cherry tomatoes and spring onions to the dressing and mix. Flake the tuna on top and add the hard-boiled eggs. Season with black pepper.
First peel each asparagus stalk from the tip to the cut end. Chop off the tips and set them aside, then cut the stalks into 1cm pieces.
Melt the butter in a saucepan and sweat the shallot for about 5 minutes until translucent – don’t let it brown. Add the chopped asparagus stalks, keeping the tips aside, and sweat them gently with the shallot for another 5 minutes.
Pour in the stock and simmer until the stalks are very tender. This will take 20–30 minutes, depending on the thickness of the stalks. Tip everything into a food processor and blitz until very smooth, then pour the soup back into the saucepan.
Bring the soup back to a simmer and add the reserved asparagus tips. Cook gently for about 5 minutes until the asparagus tips are just cooked through.
Mix the crème fraiche, egg yolks and sherry in a small bowl. With the pan off the heat, stir this mixture into the soup and continue to stir gently for a couple of minutes until the egg yolks have thickened the soup. Warm through over a very gentle heat, stirring constantly and taking care not to break up the asparagus tips.
Serve the soup garnished with a sprinkling of parsley and a generous slab of well-buttered German potato bread on the side. Phwoar!
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.
Spoon the borlotti beans into a lidded ovenproof dish and squash with the back of a spoon to loosen the skins. Add the celery, spring onion, bacon pieces and garlic. Stir in the chilli flakes and the tomato purée.
Pour over the water, add the stock powder or bouillon and stir again until well combined. Cover the dish with the lid.
Transfer the dish to the oven and cook for 25-30 minutes, or until the soup has thickened. Stir well before serving in soup bowls with bread and butter on the side, if desired.
For the cauliflower soup, heat the oil in a deep, heavy-based pan over a medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and fry for 2-3 minutes, or until just softened.
Add the ground cumin and ground coriander and fry for a further 1-2 minutes, or until fragrant.
Add the chopped cauliflower and chicken stock. Bring the mixture to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 8-12 minutes, or until the cauliflower is tender. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.
Carefully pour the soup mixture into a food processor and blend to a purée (or alternatively, use a stick blender in the saucepan). Return the puréed soup mixture to the pan and add the cream. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper and warm through for 1-2 minutes.
To serve, divide the cauliflower soup equally among four serving bowls. Serve with crusty bread and butter.
Heat the oil in a large pan. Add the spring onions, garlic, and bacon and gently cook for 5-7 minutes or until the spring onions are soft but not brown.
Pour in the stock and bring to the boil. Add the peas, bring back to the boil and reduce to simmering point. Stir in the
lettuce and mint. Continue to cook for 2-3 minutes or until the peas are tender.
Blend the soup mixture in a liquidiser or hand blender until smooth. Season to taste. If using a liquidiser do not overfill your container and cool the soup mixture slightly before blending. Pour into a large bowl and allow to cool. Cover and chill for four hours or overnight.
To serve, spoon the soup into chilled soup bowls. Spoon a tablespoon of the cream into the soup and top with a sprig of mint before serving.
Heat the oil in a large saucepan and gently fry the onion, garlic and ginger for about 5 minutes until tender. Add the sweet potatoes and lemongrass and cook for a further 3 minutes.
Add the stock and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes until the vegetables are tender.
Cool the soup slightly, then liquidise with the coconut milk and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Heat through without allowing the soup to boil, and add the lime juice. Ladle the soup into bowls and garnish with the lime zest.